---
id: 20f6be8cbfa286b4be9afa65f57e83c9
title: 'WATCH LIVE: Charlie Kirk Memorial and Prayer Vigil at the Kennedy Center'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T22:56:42.556692'
created_at: '2025-09-14T22:56:42.556659'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/watch-live-charlie-kirk-memorial-prayer-vigil-kennedy/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T22:54:20'
---

Friends and supporters of Charlie Kirk are gathering at the Kennedy Center tonight to celebrate the life of the late Turning Point USA founder.

The Gateway Pundit | by Jordan Conrson Friends and supporters of Charlie Kirk are gathering at the Kennedy Center tonight to celebrate the life of the late Turning Point USA founder. Trump ministration officials and other prominent conservatives are among those gathered to pray and memorialize Charlie Kirk. Kirk was assassinated by a deranged leftist, Antifa-tied transgender sympathizer while speaking at Utah Valley University. Funeral arrangements have been me for his official memorial at State Farm Stium in Phoenix, Arizona, where his body will be laid to rest. Turning Point has invited everyone to attend, pay their respects, and say goodbye to the 31-year-old conservative juggernaut. “Join us in celebrating the remarkable life and enduring legacy of Charlie Kirk, an American legend,” the organization wrote, announcing the memorial. JUST IN: Charlie Kirk’s Funeral Scheduled for Sunday, September 21 at State Farm Stium in Phoenix, Arizona – President Trump Has Promised to Attend Thousands of supporters were lined up when the doors opened to the Kennedy Center memorial at 6 pm ET. Meanwhile, just one leftist protester was seen outside screaming a psychopath. WATCH: The lone protester at the Kennedy Center for Charlie Kirk's prayer vigil is shrieking about Trump... Meanwhile supporters are wrapped around the building in line to pay their respects and celebrate Charlie's life and legacy. This woman needs professional help pic.twitter.com/xYs6URLtDr — Jordan Conrson (@ConrsonJordan) September 14, 2025 The memorial was scheduled to begin at 6:30 pm ET but will be delayed due to the masses of supporters waiting to get in! Watch live below:
