---
id: 21ed0e144328508af6c4c82b7c171e2c
title: European Warmongers Angry That Trump Did Not Buy Into the ‘Drone Attack in
  Poland’ – But Polls Show That Polish Population Believes it was Ukrainian False
  Flag!
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T12:33:15.168954'
created_at: '2025-09-14T12:33:15.168948'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/european-warmongers-angry-that-trump-did-not-buy/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T11:45:27'
---

Trump is not into the current escalation hoax by Ukraine and the EU.

European Warmongers Angry That Trump Did Not Buy Into the ‘Drone Attack in Poland’ - But Polls Show That Polish Population Believes it was Ukrainian False Flag! | The Gateway Pundit | by Paul Serran Trump is not into the current escalation hoax by Ukraine and the EU. Three days ago, we reported on the Russian Gerbera decoy drones that flew into Polish airspace and ‘were shot down’, generating a fake panic in all the European warmongers who tried to rally global outrage against the ‘attack’. We have talked about how the Gerberas decoy are meant to provide cheap, false targets to exhaust the Ukrainian air defenses – that alrey have so few surface-to-air missiles – and they do not carry any explosive paylo . US President Donald J. Trump at first put out an ambiguous post, as you can re in ‘Here We Go!’: Trump Weighs In on Russian Drones Allegedly Downed in Polish Airspace. But soon, as better intelligence was presented to him, he seemed not to care anymore: ‘Could have been a MISTAKE’ Trump’s reaction to alleged drones over Poland He’s not happy with ‘ANYTHING to do with that situation’ https://t.co/ZDtFhG4yA6 pic.twitter.com/CWMkP4VWuv — RT (@RT_com) September 11, 2025 Sure enough, the pro-Ukrainians will argue that Trump is fooled by b, b Putin and his disinformation agents. But you know who else was not buying the hoax? The People of Poland, as a poll reveals that 38% are convinced that Ukraine sent them as a false flag, and as many as 66% believe in explanations other than ‘the Russians are responsible’. In fact, things are so b that Polish FM Rek Sikorski took to X to dispel what he called… (you guessed it) disinformation. Poland’s foreign minister is PANICKING about drone ‘disinformation’ ‘Anyone claiming that this was a Ukrainian provocation is spreing RUSSIAN PROPAGANDA’ You said it, Rek, not us pic.twitter.com/CfHrcevrLR — RT (@RT_com) September 10, 2025 So, European warmongers are whining about Trump not using the hoax to escalate against Russia. Reuters reported: “Just as worrisome, said European diplomats, has been U.S. President Donald Trump’s refusal so far to publicly hold Moscow accountable for Wednesday’s incident, coupled with the lack of U.S. participation in fending it off. Many alliance members alrey question Trump’s commitment to their defense in the event of an actual Russian attack.” “Trump’s muted response was widely seen as another example of his ‘America First’ push for European allies to take more responsibility for their own security and shoulder the cost of helping Ukraine defend itself against Russia. But some analysts said Trump also could be wary of antagonizing Russian President Vlimir Putin, who they say may be testing both NATO’s military capabilities and U.S. resolve more than three and a half years after Moscow inved Ukraine.” Re more: DEVELOPING: Poland Closes Warsaw International Airport and Scrambles Fighter Jets After Reports of a Russian Drone Across the Border
