---
id: 28a442934b051976af6e3aa36f1b61fb
title: Department of War Suspends Army Colonel Scott Stephens for Saying Charlie Kirk
  Deserved to be Assassinated
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T18:25:14.634242'
created_at: '2025-09-14T18:25:14.634236'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/department-war-suspends-army-colonel-scott-stephens-saying/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T18:20:47'
---

Army Colonel Scott Stephens was suspended after he publicly mocked the assassination of conservative activist and TPUSA founder Charlie Kirk.

The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila Army Colonel Scott Stephens was suspended after he publicly mocked the assassination of conservative activist and TPUSA founder Charlie Kirk. TPUSA founder Charlie Kirk was brutally murdered at an event at Utah Valley University. Graphic video of Kirk getting shot in the neck with blood pouring out of his carotid artery was posted to social media – and Colonel Stephens said Kirk deserved this. “The death of Charlie Kirk in Utah was tragic. However, we can take comfort in the fact that Charlie was doing what he loved best – spreing messages of hate, racism, homophobia, misogyny and transphobia on college campuses. It also allows us to see who in our lives support those views. I would offer empathy, but Charlie hated empathy. As we have been told in the wake of so many other tragedies, we have to move on. We can’t make this political,” Stephens said in a social media post. A Facebook user pushed back on Stephens and replied, “He did not deserve to be assassinated. What happened to freedom of speech? It isn’t political. It’s evil.” Stephens replied, “[Charlie] spent years inciting political violence to die the victim of it. Tragic, for sure. Certainly aren’t going to argue that. But everyone shouldn’t be shocked when the leopards actually eat your face.” Good Afternoon @DeptofWar Army Colonel Scott Stephens believes Charlie Kirk deserved to be murdered and that anyone that holds his mainstream conservative views are evil. He is a rical leftist and unfit to le our nations finest. @SecWar @SeanParnellASW @USArmy … https://t.co/ScYsqhLKHC pic.twitter.com/H6GNneimsl — Mostly Peaceful Memes (@MostlyPeacefull) September 12, 2025 Colonel Stephens believes Charlie Kirk’s beautiful Christian wife, Erika, deserves to be a widow. Stephens believes Kirk’s two young babies deserve to be fatherless. What a monster. Department of War Secretary Pete Hegseth last week said his agency is tracking military personnel and DOW civilians who mock or celebrate the assassination of a fellow American. “The Department of War has zero tolerance for it,” spokesman Sean Parnell said. We are tracking all these very closely — and will dress, immediately. Completely unacceptable. https://t.co/9weALT5Pb7 — Pete Hegseth (@PeteHegseth) September 11, 2025 Stephens was suspended after his social media post was brought to the Department of War’s attention. BREAKING: Army Colonel Scott Stephens has been suspended ing vile s mocking Charlie’s ass*ssinat*on FAFO https://t.co/bHqTXBCgam pic.twitter.com/GniljLPXxq — Libs of TikTok (@libsoftiktok) September 14, 2025
