---
id: 3b656afd8efb342ead68f634a0c50eae
title: Eric Trump on Charlie Kirk’s Legacy and the Radical Left – “This Could Have
  Been the Greatest Mistake These People Have Ever Made” (VIDEO)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T20:59:52.802188'
created_at: '2025-09-14T20:59:52.802179'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/eric-trump-charlie-kirks-legacy-says-radical-left/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T20:40:49'
---

Eric Trump was on “Sunday Morning Futures” with host Maria Bartiromo to honor the memory, work, and legacy of Charlie Kirk.

Eric Trump on Charlie Kirk's Legacy and the Rical Left - “This Could Have Been the Greatest Mistake These People Have Ever Me” (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by David Greyson Eric Trump was on “ Sunday Morning Futures ” with host Maria Bartiromo to honor the memory, work, and legacy of Charlie Kirk. Eric was a close friend of Kirk’s who worked alongside him to help President Trump get reelected in 2024. “Eric, thank you so much for being here this morning,” Bartiromo said. “Your reaction?” Bartiromo asked about Erika Kirk’s speech dressing the nation. “Erika, right there, was so powerful. I watched the entire thing. I couldn’t believe her strength and her courage,” Trump responded. Eric explained to Maria that the impact that Charlie Kirk me on America and the world wasn’t just limited to young people. The older generations also understood his wisdom. He also said that Kirk’s murder was an attack on the Christian faith and freedom. “Everybody over the last couple of days has been talking about how Charlie created the greatest youth movement,” Trump said. “This is transcending not only the youth generation, but also the older generations. This is a hit on our country. It is a hit on our movement. It is a hit on, you know, Christianity. It is a hit on religion. It is a hit on freedom. It’s kind of you know, emphasizes the dichotomy between good and evil in this country,” Trump continued. Eric explained that the murder of Charlie Kirk actually me the conservative movement bigger. “This could have been the greatest mistake these people have ever me,” Trump said. “We’ve all watched this small cabal of people become the loudest voices in the room to try to take down people who they just don’t agree with,” Bartiromo said. “Are you saying you believe that the movement that Charlie started will only get bigger?” Bartiromo asked. “Well, it alrey has,” Trump said. “My father won the vote. My father won every swing state. My father changed, meaning the direction of the voting direction of every state in this nation,” Trump continued. “That’s because of the work of Charlie Kirk and that’s because of the work of conservatives,” Trump said. “We were not Joe Biden. We did not hide in basements,” Trump said. Watch: Today on @SundayFutures with @MariaBartiromo , Trump Organization Executive Vice President Eric Trump @EricTrump spoke about Charlie Kirk’s impact on the conservative movement. @FoxNews pic.twitter.com/PX6e6wwYC2 — SundayMorningFutures (@SundayFutures) September 14, 2025
