---
id: 3f5d606b1e7d63c27b90868a91297b50
title: TikTok User Calls For Charlie Kirk’s Widow and Children, Elected Officials,
  CEOs to be Murdered Next – “His Wife and Kids Need to Go Too… Get Rid of the Whole
  Family” (VIDEO)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T00:24:22.451554'
created_at: '2025-09-14T00:24:22.451547'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/tiktok-user-calls-charlie-kirks-widow-children-elected/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T00:20:53'
---

Many are now calling for an investigation into a black woman after she called for a “revolution” and the murder of Charlie Kirk’s entire family at a time of heightened political division and potential for violence following Charlie Kirk’s assassination.

TikTok User Calls For Charlie Kirk's Widow and Children, Elected Officials, CEOs to be Murdered - “His Wife and Kids Need to Go Too... Get Rid of the Whole Family" (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by Jordan Conrson Many are now calling for an investigation into a black woman after she called for a “revolution” and the murder of Charlie Kirk’s entire family at a time of heightened political division and potential for violence ing Charlie Kirk’s assassination. “I’m surprised that y’all didn’t get rid of him sooner, and I’m surprised that you guys aren’t getting rid of more people. , don’t stop with him. Don’t let him be the end dog. Get rid of them all!” she said in the now-viral clip. The individual goes by the names @noryy_bell on TikTok and Estoy Dokusei on Instagram . Millions of conservatives across the globe are peacefully mourning the loss of the great 31-year-old conservative icon and, as Glenn Beck accurately put it, civil rights leer, who played a major role in saving freedom of speech and open dialogue. This is why they killed him. But this woman wants us all de. The illiterate woman in a TikTok video was seen actively encouraging violence against Charlie Kirk’s wife, two young children, parents, and grandparents. “Y’all keep on talking about his wife and kids. They need to go too, because they’re carrying on that mentality and that lineage, get rid of the whole family… Why did you stop with him?” she says. “Go get his grandma because who raised you? your mom ought to be ashamed for birthing a scum you. Get rid of the whole family.” The woman, who is apparently from Georgia, also calls for the death of “the ones that are above him,” ding, “your mayor, your city councilman. What is it, Georgia Power? The people that keep on raising our sh*t, the CEO.” She then invokes the words “revolution” and “progress,” taunting activists for being “too scary,” which is thought to mean too scared. “Y’all want results without putting in the work. You gon’ have to take out trash to get a clean house… Take the garbage out, y’all.” The text in her video res, “dont let it stop with charlie.” WATCH: “I keep on seeing posts about this Charlie dude, Kirk dude— whatever, regardless. And let me just say this, I’m surprised that y’all didn’t get rid of him sooner, and I’m surprised that you guys aren’t getting rid of more people. , don’t stop with him. Don’t let him be the end dog. Get rid of them all! And the ones that are above him, your mayor, your city councilman. What is it, Georgia Power? The people that keep on raising our sh*t, the CEO. Get rid of them. Yeah! , what, It was so crazy. I watched a 60 second, 60 minute, whatever, y’all know what I mean. One minute edit of the things he said, and they’re , so atrocious, atrocious, that, , his wife deserves to go to— y’all keep on talking about his wife and kids. They need to go too because they’re carrying on that mentality and that lineage, get rid of the whole family. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. Why did you guys stop with him? Why did you stop with him? Go get his grandma because who raised you? your mom ought to be ashamed for birthing a scum you. Get rid of the whole family, y’all, y’all too scary. Ya’ll too scary for revolution, y’all too scary for progress. , y’all want results without putting in the work. You gon’ have to take out trash to get a clean house. it is what it is. If the trash can is stinking up the house, you gotta take out the garbage. Take the garbage out, y’all. Take the garbage out. All right, not me, I’m chilling. I’m chilling.” This person goes by Estoy Dokusei — at least on Instagram. She wants Charlie Kirk’s grieving widow and children to be murdered . “Don’t let it stop with him. Get rid of the whole family, his wife and kids, too.” Let’s make her famous. pic.twitter.com/wsTkKu1cnQ — Peter Lloyd (@Suffragent_) September 13, 2025 She is one of many sick, godless individuals across the country who have celebrated and called for more violence in the wake of Kirk’s murder by a leftwing terrorist. Thankfully, however, as The Gateway Pundit reported a website at called Charlie’s Murderers (charliesmurderers.com) has emerged for concerned citizens and patriots to report souless people for cheering the bloody assassination of Kirk and calling for more violence against conservatives. Many of those reported include public servants in government, education, and medicine, who should be exposed, removed from their positions immediately, and potentially investigated by law enforcement if they are threatening violence in pursuit of political aims, also known as terrorism. EXPOSED: New Website ‘Charlie’s Murderers’ Reveals Vile Leftists, Including Doctors and Teachers, Celebrating the Assassination of Charlie Kirk
