---
id: 56226835ab3fba3c934ce3ed409d9cf1
title: Karine Jean-Pierre Couldn’t Get Away Fast Enough When Questioned by Reporters
  After Testifying Before Congress About Biden (VIDEO)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T03:04:40.603561'
created_at: '2025-09-14T03:04:40.603555'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/karine-jean-pierre-couldnt-get-away-fast-enough/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T03:00:01'
---

Karine Jean-Pierre is no longer interested in fielding questions from reporters.

Karine Jean-Pierre Couldn't Get Away Fast Enough When Questioned by Reporters After Testifying Before Congress About Biden (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by Mike LaChance Karine Jean-Pierre is no longer interested in fielding questions from reporters. The former Biden White House press secretary was seen leaving after testifying before Congress about her former boss and when questioned by journalists at the scene, could not scurry away fast enough. The reporters were asking her perfectly legitimate questions about what she knew about Biden’s failing physical and mental health, but she bolted out the door to a waiting SUV. Watch below: FOX News has some details on KJP’s testimony: Karine Jean-Pierre says Biden health talking points were tightly controlled at senior level Former White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told House investigators she did not see a change in former President Joe Biden’s competency over several years, but she acknowledged he was “not the same speaker he was when she met him.” Jean-Pierre was the in a string of former Biden White House officials to be interviewed by House Oversight Committee investigators over an alleged cover-up of the ex-president’s mental acuity. She did not speak to reporters on her way into the interview just off Capitol Hill, nor did she speak after the nearly five-hour, closed-door transcribed interview. But a source familiar with the interview d with Fox News Digital that Jean-Pierre told investigators that while working for Biden in various capacities from 2009 to 2025, “she did not see a change in President Biden’s competency.” “She did acknowledge President Biden is not the same speaker he was when she met him,” the source noted. “She does not know why his speaking changed and never asked him.” To be fair to KJP, it would have been difficult for her to respond to questions from reporters without her big binder full of canned answers in front of her.
