---
id: 5c5cab207475b405b554ef22d998066b
title: 'WATCH: Gov. Cox Claims Trans Boyfriend Wasn’t Involved Because He Says He
  Wasn’t, Tells CNN That CHARLIE KIRK ‘Said Some Very Inflammatory Things’'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T17:25:14.724904'
created_at: '2025-09-14T17:25:14.724895'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/watch-gov-cox-claims-trans-boyfriend-wasnt-involved/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T17:24:52'
---

Utah Governor Spencer Cox has stated that the transgender boyfriend of the accused Charlie Kirk assassin was “not involved” because he said he wasn’t, during an interview with CNN on Sunday.

WATCH: Gov. Cox Claims Trans Boyfriend Wasn't Involved Because He Says He Wasn't, Tells CNN That CHARLIE KIRK 'Said Some Very Inflammatory Things' | The Gateway Pundit | by Cassandra MacDonald Utah Governor Spencer Cox has stated that the transgender boyfriend of the accused Charlie Kirk assassin was “not involved” because he said he wasn’t, during an interview with CNN on Sunday. Cox also drew ire from conservatives after he told CNN’s Dana Bash that “Charlie [Kirk] said some very inflammatory things.” The governor was attempting to urge people not to be ricalized by the assassination and the left’s subsequent celebrations. He spoke about Kirk’s views on forgiveness and engaging with the left. PATHETIC: Utah Gov. Spencer Cox (R): “Charlie [Kirk] said some very inflammatory things and some corners of the web that’s all people have heard.” How is preaching Biblical values “inflammatory?” This makes my bl00d boil! pic.twitter.com/t35B2FpGSI — RedWave Press (@RedWave_Press) September 14, 2025 Kirk ly called for Cox to be expelled from the Republican Party and accused him of pandering to the transgender lobby and taking money from the pharmaceutical industry. Cox vetoed a bill to bar biological males from playing in women’s and girls’ sports in 2022. Cox said that Robinson’s transgender boyfriend, Lance Twiggs, is cooperating with law enforcement — but Robinson himself is not. “This partner has been incredibly cooperative, h no idea that this was happening, and is working with investigators right now,” said Cox claimed that the transgender partner h no prior knowledge of the plan to assassinate the conservative icon, because he said he didn’t. Reminder, Robinson reportedly told the boyfriend that he h left the gun near the scene, according to the probable cause affidavit. Gov Spencer Cox confirms to @CNN that Tyler Robinson lived with a transgender partner, who has been “incredibly cooperative” with the authorities. Investigators, Cox confirmed, are looking into this part of Robinson’s life as a potential motive for allegedly killing Charlie… pic.twitter.com/TQdjpOu0lD — Benjamin Ryan (@benryanwriter) September 14, 2025 Neighbors also reported seeing several people driving vehicles with out-of-state license plates entering and exiting the home approximately two weeks before the shooting. “They did not give off a good vibe,” the neighbor said. ‘WE F-CKING DID IT’: X User Connected to Tyler Robinson’s Alleged Boyfriend Celebrated Charlie Kirk’s Death in the Moments After Shooting A relative of Twiggs has said that he “harboured animosity” for conservatives and Christians and that he is “full of evil and hatred.” Twiggs' own posts on Reddit indicate that he was thrown out of his family home as a minor because they believed he was "possessed by a demon." “He has not confessed to authorities. He is not cooperating, but all the people around him are cooperating,” Cox said of Robinson during an interview with ABC’s This Week. Tyler Robinson, the suspect in the murder of Charlie Kirk, has pleed not guilty and is refusing to cooperate with investigators, Utah Governor Spencer Cox said. “But everyone around him is cooperating,” Cox told ABC News. WHAT?!?! pic.twitter.com/wW99NNVRjy — DD Geopolitics (@DD_Geopolitics) September 14, 2025 Speaking to NBC, Cox said, Robinson "does come from a conservative family, but his ideology was very different than his family... There clearly was a leftist ideology with this assassin in recent years." He explained that this conclusion comes from interviews with members of the suspect's family. Cox also confirmed Robinson's involvement with "Reddit culture and other dark places of the internet," which The Gateway Pundit has been extensively covering . Alleged Charlie Kirk Assassin Tyler Robinson Joked About FBI Photo Being His ‘Doppelganger’ in 20-Person Discord Chats While on the Run Kirk was fatally shot on Wednesday, September 10, during an event at Utah Valley University. Robinson was captured after a tense 33-hour manhunt, thanks in part to tips from his own family. Robinson has been charged with aggravated murder, discharge of a firearm causing serious injury, and obstruction of justice, and could face Utah's death penalty by firing squ if convicted.
