---
id: 63c8d8f11cc65a735059bef246afb81d
title: Sen. John Fetterman Says Democrats Need to ‘Turn The Temperature Down’ and
  Stop Calling Republicans Fascists (VIDEO)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T23:16:45.337573'
created_at: '2025-09-14T23:16:45.337564'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/sen-john-fetterman-says-democrats-need-turn-temperature/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T23:00:16'
---

Sen.

The Gateway Pundit | by Ben Kew Sen. John Fetterman has urged Democrats to “turn the temperature down” ing the brutal assassination of Charlie Kirk. During an interview with CNN host Manu Raju on Sunday, Fetterman was asked about Democrats comparing President Trump to olf Hitler and the febrile atmosphere that currently engulfs American politics. He responded: I think we can’t just be well, Trump is always wrong or that we’re going to set the country on fire or whatever. That’s just not true either, of course. But, you know, when I represent a state Pennsylvania that keeps you honest and you always can’t forget that a lot of Americans happen to disagree with you, that does not mean that they are fascists, or now they want to shred the Constitution. … If you actually compare him to an actual autocrat, that is not just that. Now, last night, for example, people were complaining, they were protesting about, oh, that’s Hitler. I think you just don’t ever, ever compare anyone to Hitler and those kinds of extreme things. Now, look what happened to Charlie Kirk. I mean, the man was shot. Now we have to turn the temperature down. It’s we can’t compare people to these kinds of figures in history. And this is not an autocrat. This is a product of a democratic election. Watch the clip below: NEW: “This is not an autocrat. This is a product of a democratic election.” @SenFettermanPA told @mkraju in an exclusive, one-on-one interview that his party needs to tone down its attacks on President Trump. #InsidePolitics https://t.co/XuwAYkw3Aj pic.twitter.com/1HmJSDVskp — Inside Politics (@InsidePolitics) September 14, 2025 Fetterman, who is in his first term as a Senator for Pennsylvania, has staked himself a position as perhaps the most moderate Democrat in the entire Congress. Earlier this week, he warned that people who support socialism in America are “morons” after speaking with people in Croatia who lived through it. “I literally was in a former communist nation, and I asked that. I said, ‘Some people in my party, some of the lefties are talking about socialism now. What do you think?’” ”And he’s , ‘That’s the worst thing ever. You would never want to live here, I’ve lived through that kind of a thing.” “You’re going to need a reality check if you ever opt any of those things. You know, , you are morons. It’s , it was a nightmare for us, and now we are a free market nation.’ It was Croatia.” Democrat Senator John Fetterman Slams His Own Party for Embracing Socialism: ‘You Are Morons’ (VIDEO)
