---
id: 68621dedf26980d2ead7ebd7d8029e86
title: FBI Reportedly Attempted to Hide the Identity of Charlie Kirk Assassination
  Suspect’s Transgender Boyfriend
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T21:53:44.869791'
created_at: '2025-09-14T21:53:44.869785'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/fbi-reportedly-attempted-hide-identity-charlie-kirk-assassination/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T21:40:10'
---

The FBI reportedly tried to hide the identity of the transgender boyfriend of the suspect in the brutal assassination of Turning Point USA founder Charlie Kirk, 22-year-old Lance Twiggs.

FBI Reportedly Attempted to Hide the Identity of Charlie Kirk Assassination Suspect's Transgender Boyfriend | The Gateway Pundit | by Cassandra MacDonald The FBI reportedly tried to hide the identity of the transgender boyfriend of the suspect in the brutal assassination of Turning Point USA founder Charlie Kirk, 22-year-old Lance Twiggs. A relative has described Twiggs as “full of evil and hatred.” His own Reddit post described being thrown out of his family home as a minor because they believed he was demonic. The Daily Mail reports : The FBI tried keeping the gender identity of the trans partner of Charlie Kirk’s alleged killer a secret because he h been ‘extremely cooperative’ with authorities. Sources familiar with the case said that Lance Twiggs was ‘aghast’ when confronted by investigators over his lover’s alleged assassination plot, saying: ‘Oh my God, no.’ Investigators are looking into whether Kirk’s alleged killer, Tyler Robinson, was motivated by his belief that the conservative activist’s views on transgender people were hateful. After asking investigators if ‘that’s what happened’, a horrified Twiggs agreed to cooperate and said ‘here are all the messages’, according to Axios. Discord messages sent by the alleged killer, who was listed as ‘Tyler’, reportedly mentioned how he h wrapped his rifle in a towel and stashed it in some bushes near Utah Valley University, where Kirk was shot. It appears as though a large number of people in fringe online transgender communities knew about the plot in vance. Neighbors reported suspicious out-of-state visitors to Robinson’s home in the weeks leing up to the shooting, describing them as giving off a “b vibe,” further fueling speculation of external coordination. Robinson faces charges including aggravated murder, discharge of a firearm causing serious injury, and obstruction of justice, and could face Utah’s death penalty by firing squ if convicted. ‘WE F-CKING DID IT’: X User Connected to Tyler Robinson’s Alleged Boyfriend Celebrated Charlie Kirk’s Death in the Moments After Shooting The Gateway Pundit will continue to monitor this developing story and provide updates as they become available.
