---
id: 70716a3c1944634af48a41e5dd8443a5
title: 'JUST IN: Feds in Salt Lake City Arrest Suspects Adeeb Nasir and Adil Justice
  Ahme Nasir For Attempting to Destroy News Media Vehicle with Incendiary Device'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T22:36:41.128866'
created_at: '2025-09-14T22:36:41.128858'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/feds-salt-lake-city-arrest-suspects-adeeb-nasir/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T22:20:00'
---

Feds in Salt Lake City, Utah, arrested suspects 58-year-old Adeeb Nasir and 31-year-old Adil Justice Ahme Nasir for attempting to destroy a news media vehicle with an “incendiary device” last Friday.

JUST IN: Feds in Salt Lake City Arrest Suspects eeb Nasir and il Justice Ahme Nasir For Attempting to Destroy News Media Vehicle with Incendiary Device | The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila Feds in Salt Lake City, Utah, arrested suspects 58-year-old eeb Nasir and 31-year-old il Justice Ahme Nasir for attempting to destroy a news media vehicle with an “incendiary device” last Friday. On Friday, just two days after Charlie Kirk was assassinated during an event at Utah Valley University, Salt Lake City Police Bomb Squ and the fire authority responded to reports of a suspicious device spotted under a news vehicle. According to reports, the FBI Salt Lake City Office traced the incendiary device to a residence located on the 2700 South block of 8500 West. The two suspects were arrested on Saturday on two counts of weapon of mass destruction – manufacture/possess/sell/use, a first-degree felony; attempted aggravated arson, a first-degree felony; four counts of explosive/chemical/incendiary – possessing parts, second and third-degree felonies; and two counts of threat of terrorism – use of weapon/hoax mass destruction, a second-degree felony. KUTV reported : Two men have been taken into custody after an operation involving multiple law enforcement agencies in a Magna neighborhood. One of the suspects were identified as 58-year-old eeb Nasir and 31-year-old il Justice Ahme Nasir. According to a probable cause statement, bomb squs from the Salt Lake City Police Department and Unified Fire Authority responded to reports of a suspicious device. They determined it was a real incendiary device and h been placed under a news media vehicle. The device “h been lit but failed to function as designed,” according to court records. Officials said the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) was called in to le the investigation. They identified two suspects who h a Magna dress. More from X user OSINTdefender: Federal authorities in Salt Lake City, Utah have arrested two suspects, 58-year-old eeb Nasir and 31-year-old il Justice Ahme Nasir, for allegedly attempting to destroy a news media vehicle with an “incendiary device” last Friday, according to ABC4 Utah. On Friday, Salt Lake… pic.twitter.com/bT50sWFDGe — OSINTdefender (@sentdefender) September 14, 2025
