---
id: 7180dd21968d8cfbbf85fa84145dc116
title: 'Michael Shellenberger Calls for Accountability From Dems Over Charlie Kirk:
  ‘The Left has Become a Death Cult’ (VIDEO)'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T02:44:31.435092'
created_at: '2025-09-14T02:44:31.435086'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/michael-shellenberger-calls-accountability-dems-charlie-kirk-left/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T02:40:25'
---

Journalist Michael Shellenberger appeared on the Jesse Watters show on Friday night and called out the Democrats and the left in general, saying that they have become a ‘death cult.’ Shellenberger was reacting to the assassination of Charlie Kirk and correctly pointed out that...

Michael Shellenberger Calls for Accountability From Dems Over Charlie Kirk: 'The Left has Become a Death Cult' (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by Mike LaChance Journalist Michael Shellenberger appeared on the Jesse Watters show on Friday night and called out the Democrats and the left in general, saying that they have become a ‘death cult.’ Shellenberger was reacting to the assassination of Charlie Kirk and correctly pointed out that the constant and false accusations of ‘Nazi’ etc. have brought us directly to this point. His demand for accountability from Democrats is ly to be ignored by them. In the days ing Kirk’s murder, people on the left have proved over and over again that they have no sense of common decency. JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Public News founder, Michael Shellenberger is here. So the country has mourned, we are continuing to mourn, but there is still an anger about how this could happen to somebody Charlie — not a politician, not an offensive individual — what should be the reaction to violence and the atmosphere this? MICHAEL SHELLENBERGER, FOUNDER, “PUBLIC NEWS”: Hey, Jesse, it is great to be with you. Look, I think there are a lot of things that need to happen right now. I mean, first and foremost is that we, as a society need to call on those Democrat leers who you highlighted earlier that have been — who have been dehumanizing, degring conservatives, Republicans, the MAGA movement, Donald Trump in particular, dehumanization is what precedes atrocities and we have known that historically for a very long time and that’s what we saw happen. They need to renounce what they were saying about fascism, about Nazism. They need to take accountability that there are consequences for what they are doing, and it was to program an entire generation into an utterly absurd fantasy that the United States was being taken over by fascism. I mean, you saw it on the bullet casings of the alleged assassin himself. I mean, the second thing is that, we need a dericalization program of colleges, of universities, of the schools and what we know from past dericalization efforts around the world is that it is essential for people who have been ricalized to have a new identity, that comes from a new purpose in life and part of a new community, and they also need as part of that purpose, they need to come back to a story that is true about America, about why it is special, why it is different from so many so many other oppressive societies in the past, the freest society that has ever existed. We need to aggressively push back against that.
