---
id: 7181c766fbf7a7e6722d156a3f404004
title: 'WAYNE ROOT: No, “Both Sides” Are Not the Same. No, “Both Sides” are Not Guilty.
  Stop Preaching Unity and Kumbaya. The Left Hates Us. They are Demonic. Here Is the
  Only Way to Respond.'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T16:05:18.618382'
created_at: '2025-09-14T16:05:18.618368'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/wayne-root-no-both-sides-are-not-same/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T15:45:09'
---

By Wayne Allyn Root As everyone knows by now, on Friday morning authorities found the Charlie Kirk assassin.

WAYNE ROOT: No, “Both Sides” Are Not the Same. No, "Both Sides" are Not Guilty. Stop Preaching Unity and Kumbaya. The Left Hates Us. They are Demonic. Here Is the Only Way to Respond. | The Gateway Pundit | by Assistant Editor By Wayne Allyn Root As everyone knows by now, on Friday morning authorities found the Charlie Kirk assassin. A 22-year-old, antifa-indoctrinated, leftist punk who hated what Charlie stood for. It appears that simple. But it never is. For two reasons… First, millions of brainwashed liberals hated Charlie…and hate President Trump…and hate me…and hate you…just that vile, violent, mentally-ill young man in Utah. So, please understand, after this killer, there will be many more to take his place. My gut says we are at a place in America where Charlie was the first, but he won’t be the last. There may be more assassination attempts this month…or this week…or tomorrow. Because the left desperately wants civil war. Who knows what they have planned to try to make it happen. Secondly, just the Trump assassin who was shot de in Butler, Pennsylvania, we may never know if these seemingly amateur nobody’s really acted alone. Were they brainwashed and trained by rical communist groups? Or by foreign enemies of America? Or by our own Deep State? We may never know. But I can promise you, more are out there. The goal of the left is clear- they hate us, the left wants us de, they desperately want civil war. Want proof? It’s not just Charlie’s assassination, or the two attempts on President Trump’s life. You see the proof everywhere… In classrooms across America- where students cheered the death of Charlie. They literally celebrated, while watching the video of Charlie being shot in the neck and bleeding to death. It happened all over America. There are videos online of TEACHERS across America celebrating, laughing, dancing, because they are so happy at the news that Charlie is de. These are the people teaching your children. On MSNBC, the hosts and guests blamed Charlie for his own assassination. They tried to rationalize that he deserved what happened to him. On social media millions have been celebrating Charlie’s assassination…and in almost every case, ding in that “Trump should be .” Judges have celebrated…NFL employees have celebrated…FEMA employees have celebrated…doctors have celebrated…college ministrators have celebrated…and shockingly, even a US Marine and a Secret Service agent were thrilled that someone murdered Charlie. I’m pretty cynical. But even I can’t believe what happened on the floor of Congress. Did you see the Democrat Congresspersons on the House floor booing and screaming “NO” to the idea of a public prayer for Charlie Kirk? The left hates us. They hate us so much, they can’t even keep their celebrations private. They feel a need to scream it to the world. If someone celebrates the death of a conservative patriot and man of Christian faith in public, think of what they must root for in private. These crazed rical communists are literally foaming at the mouth a rabid dog. They want us de so bly they can taste it. This isn’t normal. This is evil. This is Stepford Wife-level brainwashing and indoctrination. This is Satan. The entire Democrat Party is under the spell of Satan. Satan owns their hearts, and minds, and souls. Anyone who publicly celebrates the assassination of a man because you disagree with his politics or Christian faith, is SOULLESS. Trust me, there can be no “unity” with people this. Democrats don’t want debate, because they can’t win the debate. Charlie proved that. He fearlessly and politely debated liberal students on college campuses across America- and he won every time. He dominated. He won so big, that college students across America became Trump voters. This time around Trump won the youth vote by a bigger margin than any other age group. You don’t think liberals noticed? Charlie was single-handedly changing a generation to MAGA. And Democrats knew that. If Charlie succeeded for a few more years, Democrats would never win again. That’s why they hated Charlie so much. They feared him. So, Charlie h to be eliminated. Liberals can’t win debates. The things they believe in are so disgusting, disgraceful and rancid, few normal Americans agree. So, they want to ban free speech. They want censorship- all communist tyrants do. They want us silenced, intimidated, enslaved, and if that doesn’t work, they want us de Charlie. I was honored to be asked to be the speaker at a candlelight prayer vigil in Las Vegas on Thursday night. I pointed out to a large crowd, devastated by the death of Charlie Kirk, that it’s a lie to say “It’s both sides” in America who hate…it’s “both sides” who want to kill…it’s “both sides” who want to silence the other side. The media says, “both sides are guilty.” I call bullsh—t. That’s pure Soviet-level propaganda. I may despise Obama…and Biden…and Kamala…and Hillary…but I don’t want them de…I have no interest in seeing them murdered…I don’t even root for them to die of natural causes. And when a leftist icon dies, I would NEVER cheer, or celebrate, or laugh, or dance- let alone do it publicly. I told the crowd, I don’t want to see anyone silenced because I disagree with them. I don’t want to see anyone banned, or censored. I don’t want to shout anyone down. I don’t want to see anyone de. I don’t want to see anyone assassinated. I don’t want to ever celebrate my opponent’s death. That’s the difference between us and them. But I do want to kill the political careers of Democrats. I want them eliminated…politically. I want to beat them so bly, because people this evil, who celebrate and root for our deaths, should never again be allowed anywhere near the halls of power. I want the Democrat Party disassembled, destroyed, and exiled from power for the rest of all time. No, we aren’t them. Not even close. We don’t murder our political opponents. You’ll notice no conservative ever tried to assassinate Obama…or Biden…or Kamala…or Al Sharpton…or controversial and “divisive” AOC…or even the revolting, vile, communist, America-hating, Jew-hating, pro-Hamas, pro-October 7th New York City Mayoral candidate Zohran Mamdani. The proof is no one has ever tried to assassinate one of those liberal icons. And I hope and pray no one ever does. And when our hero Charlie Kirk was murdered…did you notice any riots…looting…burning…destruction of cities? Did we burn our cities down because Charlie was assassinated? Did we all run into stores and steal Nike sneakers, or plasma screen televisions because Charlie died? I never saw any of that on my TV screen. Did you? I’ve spoken at hundreds of Tea Party events, and Trump rallies, and conservative conferences. I’ve never seen one act of violence. I’ve never met one b person. I’ve only met “salt of the earth” American patriots, who love our country, love their families, and love God. None of them would ever murder a Democrat politician because we disagree with them. None of us would ever break into a store to steal sneakers in the memory of Charlie Kirk. None of us would set a store on fire. Yet ironically…while the left burns…and loots…and riots…and murders our heroes…and celebrates their death it’s New Years Eve…and foams at the mouth for civil war…they demand we give up our guns. Now that’s funny. I’m betting we buy a few million more guns in the coming weeks. We are in a civil war in this country. I hope you now understand that. But only one side wants it…only one side is fighting it. It’s not “both sides” contributing…it’s not “both sides” to blame…both sides are not the same. I don’t want a civil war. I’m not rooting for anyone’s death. But if there is a civil war, you can bet I’m going to be on the winning side. How about you? Don’t let Charlie’s death depress you, weaken you, or stop you from fighting. Use it to motivate you to win this battle of good vs evil. To destroy the evil demons on the left. Yes, they really are demonic. Yes, they really are possessed. These people on the left aren’t normal. They hate America. They hate us. And they want us de. They’ve me that clear. We won’t hurt them, or kill them. That’s not us. But let’s end their political careers. And end their hold on power. Forever. In memory of Charlie. God sends messages. I think he’s telling us to make this “The Turning Point.” — Wayne Allyn Root, 2008 Libertarian Vice Presidential Nominee *Host,”America’s Top Ten Countdown with Wayne Allyn Root” on Real America’s Voice TV *Host, “The ROOT Reaction” nightly on Real America’s Voice TV *Host, “Wayne Allyn Root: Raw & Unfiltered” on Rumble and UntamedNation.com *Host, “Wayne Allyn Root: Raw & Unfiltered” on TMN (Talk Media Rio Network) *Nationally-Syndicated Newspaper Columnist, Creators Syndicate *Best-Selling Author of “The Ultimate Obama Survival Guide,” “TRUMP RULES,” “The Power of Relentless,” and “The Great Patriot Buycott Book”
