---
id: 749b35b71019cf07a7371121740207a5
title: 'WATCH: Trashy Rep. Jasmine Crockett Says She’s Not ‘Necessarily’ Encouraging
  Her Supporters to Hurt Republicans in Wake of Charlie Kirk Assassination, White
  House Responds'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T01:44:23.249013'
created_at: '2025-09-14T01:44:23.249005'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/watch-trashy-rep-jasmine-crockett-says-shes-not/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T01:40:14'
---

Trashy Democrat Rep.

WATCH: Trashy Rep. Jasmine Crockett Says She's Not ‘Necessarily’ Encouraging Her Supporters to Hurt Republicans in Wake of Charlie Kirk Assassination, White House Responds | The Gateway Pundit | by Cassandra MacDonald Trashy Democrat Rep. Jasmine Crockett is doubling down on her inflammatory rhetoric against President Donald Trump, claiming that calling him a “wannabe Hitler” doesn’t “necessarily” mean she wants her supporters to go out and hurt Republicans. This outrageous statement came during a discussion on Friday’s episode of “The Breakfast Club” regarding the assassination of conservative powerhouse Charlie Kirk, founder of Turning Point USA, who was gunned down on Wednesday during an event at Utah Valley University. Crockett dismissed any notion that far-left demonization of conservatives, her own repeated Hitler comparisons, played a role in Kirk’s murder. Inste, she shamelessly accused Trump of promoting a “culture of violence” with past s saying he could “shoot somebody in the middle of the street” and still win elections, or allegedly telling rally-goers to “beat them up.” “Even if it came from someone on our side of the aisle, let’s assume the worst, OK, so let’s talk about it,” Crockett said. “Let’s talk about what ‘ricalized’ him.” The Texas politician continued, “So, we’ve got to talk about what it means when you’re running for president, or you’re running for one of these higher offices, and you go out there and you talk about beating people up, you go out there and you say things , ‘I could shoot somebody in the middle of the street in New York and I could still win.’” “We got to talk about, that, that is level,” she stated. “Me disagreeing with you, me calling you, you know, ‘wannabe Hitler,’ all those things are , not necessarily saying, ‘Go out and hurt somebody.’ But when you’re literally telling people at rallies, ‘Yeah, beat them up’ and that kind of stuff, you are promoting a culture of violence.” White House spokeswoman Abigail Jackson responded to the alarming s in a statement to the New York Post . “What on earth did Jasmine Crockett mean when she said she wasn’t ‘necessarily’ encouraging her supporters to hurt Republicans? It sure sounds she’s justifying political violence,” Jackson said. “She needs to clarify this immediately. Her s are not only deeply troubling, but they only serve to further divide and ricalize her left-wing supporters – and it’s despicable that she would try and point fingers at President Trump for the assassination of his dear friend, Charlie Kirk.” Family and friends of the accused assassin described Robinson as “full of hate” before the shooting, according to law enforcement. WATCH:
