---
id: 78d8bbbcc8b1f48206c5706628db8176
title: Teacher Suspended After Forcing 10 Year Olds to REPEATEDLY Watch Graphic Charlie
  Kirk Assassination Video in Class, Telling Students Charlie Deserved to be Murdered
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T17:05:18.736113'
created_at: '2025-09-14T17:05:18.736106'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/teacher-suspended-after-forcing-10-year-olds-repeatedly/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T16:45:19'
---

This is child abuse.

The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila This is child abuse. A public school teacher in Toronto, Cana, forced elementary school students to watch the graphic Charlie Kirk assassination video over and over again while telling the children that Kirk, a peaceful husband and father, deserved to be murdered. TPUSA founder Charlie Kirk was brutally murdered at an event at Utah Valley University. Graphic video of Kirk getting shot in the neck with blood pouring out of his carotid artery was posted to social media. Kirk’s assassin, Tyler Robinson, 22, was taken into custody on Friday. It was revealed this weekend that Robinson lived with his transgender partner, Lance Twiggs. Police are now investigating whether Robinson’s transgender lover was the motive behind Kirk’s assassination. One of the bullet casings re, “Hey fascist! Catch!” According to The Toronto Sun, the students at Corvette Junior Public School were traumatized as the teacher forced them to repeatedly watch Charlie Kirk get shot in the neck while he lectured the students on anti-fascism and anti-trans. The teacher was reportedly suspended. Excerpt from the Toronto Sun : Can anybody imagine a teacher showing students as young as 10 the video of Charlie Kirk being murdered by a gunshot to the neck? The Toronto District School Board is investigating an allegation of this happening at a Scarborough elementary school. “Several students from his class went home and complained to their parents, traumatized at witnessing the on-camera death, which they were forced to witness numerous times over,” a source close to the situation alleged. “Parents subsequently reached out to school ministrators, who will be putting him on leave at the start of the school day September 12th 2025.” “While playing this video repeatedly, he gave a speech to his students regarding anti-fascism, anti-trans, and how Charlie Kirk deserved for this to occur,” the source claimed. The school’s principal Jennifer Koptie sent a letter home to parents outlining the situation. “We are writing to inform you about an incident that is reported to have taken place in your child’s class yesterday. During class, students were said to have been shown a portion of a violent video in response to questions being asked about a recent tragic event in the United States.”
