---
id: 82ea4e701489f32e91a71311f1a5c05a
title: Thicko Rep. Jasmine Crockett Compares ICE Raids to ‘Slave Patrols’ (VIDEO)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T19:27:30.014819'
created_at: '2025-09-14T19:27:30.014812'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/thicko-rep-jasmine-crockett-compares-ice-raids-slave/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T19:20:42'
---

Thicko Rep.

The Gateway Pundit | by Ben Kew Thicko Rep. Jasmine Crockett has compared the work of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents to “slave patrols.” The Texas Congresswoman me the remarks during an appearance on MSNBC’s Velshi on Sunday morning. “As somebody who understands history, when I see ICE, I see slave patrols,” she remarked. “If you understand the history of policing in this country, then you understand that they were born out of slave patrols.” Democrat Rep. Jasmine Crockett: “As somebody who understands history, when I see ICE, I see slave patrols… If you understand the history of policing in this country, then you understand that they were born out of slave patrols.” pic.twitter.com/gxajQSbAmk — America (@america) September 14, 2025 ICE agents are responsible for enforcing America’s immigration laws and carrying out the mass deportations that President Trump campaigned on. Slave patrols were historically organized groups of armed militias in the American South, tasked with enforcing the system of slavery. Their duties included capturing runaway slaves, suppressing revolts and maintainingthe strict racial order. They operated with legal authority, often granted by state laws, and were empowered to homes, interrogate individuals and carry out acts of violence. Crockett, meanwhile, is known for her stupidity and willigness to stoke tensions within American society. During an appearance on Friday’s epside of The Breakfast Club, Crockett weighed in on the brutal assassination of TPUSA founder Charlie Kirk. She argued that comparing Republicans to hitler did not “necessarily” foment a culture of violence. “We got to talk about, that, that is level,” she stated. “Me disagreeing with you, me calling you, you know, ‘wannabe Hitler,’ all those things are , not necessarily saying, ‘Go out and hurt somebody.’ ”But when you’re literally telling people at rallies, ‘Yeah, beat them up’ and that kind of stuff, you are promoting a culture of violence.” Jasmine Crockett says calling Trump Hitler doesn’t necessarily mean she wants you to go out and try to kill him. This is what every Democrat does. This is how Charlie Kirk was killed. They are encouraging their supporters to kill: pic.twitter.com/foT1MK0QP2 — Clay Travis (@ClayTravis) September 12, 2025
