---
id: 84bebd029e3d49ebce81d7426b681f8e
title: 'Stephen Miller Goes NUCLEAR on Left-Wing Terrorists Celebrating Assassination
  of Charlie Kirk: ‘You Will Live in Exile!’ (VIDEO)'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T14:07:32.220594'
created_at: '2025-09-14T14:07:32.220585'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/stephen-miller-goes-nuclear-left-wing-terrorists-celebrating/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T14:00:38'
---

White House senior advisor Stephen Miller did not hold back when describing how the Trump administration will respond to the assassination of Charlie Kirk.

The Gateway Pundit | by Ben Kew White House senior visor Stephen Miller did not hold back when describing how the Trump ministration will respond to the assassination of Charlie Kirk. America and the wider world is still digesting the tragic reality of how Kirk was brutally shot and murdered while holding an event at Utah Valley University in Orem. Appearing on Fox News on Saturday, Miller pledged to take down the left-wing organizations that are fomenting domestic terrorism across the country. Where the left calls people enemies of the republic, calls them fascists, says they’re Nazis, says they’re evil, says they have to be removed, and then prints their dresses, what do you think they’re trying to do? They are trying to inspire someone to murder them. That is their objective. That is their intent. When you see online, Sean, as we’ve seen for the last few days, tape after tape after tape of federal workers, bureaucrats, staffers in the Pentagon, educators, professors, healthcare workers, nurses, celebrating the assassination of Charlie Kirk, these are ricalized people. There is a domestic terrorism movement in this country. And let me tell you something, I’m not sure with anybody, but the last message that Charlie Kirk gave to me before he joined his creator in heaven was he said that we have to dismantle and take on the rical left organizations in this country that are fomenting violence. That was the last message that he sent me before that assassin stole him from all of us. We are going to do that under President Trump’s leership. I don’t care how it could be a RICO charge, a conspiracy charge, conspiracy against the United States, insurrection, but we are going to do what it takes to dismantle the organizations and the entities that are fomenting riots, that are doxing, that are trying to inspire terrorism, that are committing acts of wanton violence. It has to stop. And my message is to all of the domestic terrorists in this country spreing this evil hate, you want us to live in fear? We will not live in fear, but you will live in exile. Stephen Miller is going nuclear… “This is not fringe anymore. Tape, after tape. Federal workers, bureaucrats, educators, professors, nurses… people celebrating and cheering the assassination of Charlie Kirk! There is a domestic terrorist movement growing in this country.” pic.twitter.com/dZZN4UFwyK — Geiger Capital (@Geiger_Capital) September 13, 2025
