---
id: 8940059656e630053e711fd15ea43e66
title: 'Corey Harrison of ‘Pawn Stars’ Calls Out Democrats and Media Over Charlie
  Kirk Assassination: ‘You Guys Killed This Man’ (VIDEO)'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T02:04:22.646774'
created_at: '2025-09-14T02:04:22.646767'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/corey-harrison-pawn-stars-calls-democrats-media-charlie/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T02:00:56'
---

Corey Harrison of the popular TV show ‘Pawn Stars’ has put out a video in which he calls out Democrats and the liberal media for constantly pushing the narrative of hatred that led directly to the assassination of Charlie Kirk.

Corey Harrison of 'Pawn Stars' Calls Out Democrats and Media Over Charlie Kirk Assassination: 'You Guys Killed This Man' (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by Mike LaChance Corey Harrison of the TV show ‘Pawn Stars’ has put out a video in which he calls out Democrats and the liberal media for constantly pushing the narrative of hatred that led directly to the assassination of Charlie Kirk. Corey’s father, Rick Harrison, is well known to be a Republican and a Trump supporter, he is even a personal friend of President Trump. It looks Corey s some of this father’s conservative values. His video has pretty much gone viral with more than 4 million views. The Daily Mail has details: Pawn Stars’ Corey Harrison demands ‘action’ for Charlie Kirk in fiery post viewed by millions Harrison began by mitting he surprised himself by agreeing with Democrats – ‘thoughts and prayers aren’t enough this time’ – before the temperature of his video increased. ‘We lost a great one today guys,’ Pawn Stars alum Corey Harrison said. ‘I’m just going to throw it out there. I never thought I’d agree with Democrats man, thoughts and prayers aren’t enough this time. There needs to be action. I’m done with this, this is ridiculous. You guys ever notice it’s one side? It’s one side, every single time. ‘You know what happens when you sit there, CNN, MSNBC, when you sit there and you demonize somebody, you call them a Nazi? Nazis are supposed to be evil, you’re literally telling the entire country, every one of your viewers, everybody that watches you online, that it’s OK to kill Nazis, right? ‘You don’t the way he thinks. Who’s the Nazi? You guys literally let this man die on your watch, you guys are the one that contributed to this, it was every single one of you… ‘This man h three children, he was a pastor, he was a father, and he was loved by a bunch of people. You guys killed this man, whether you pulled the trigger yourself. Just an FYI, there is a lot of cursing in the video: pic.twitter.com/bbmkhXDHUZ — corey harrison (@corey_harrison) September 10, 2025 Corey’s anger is d by millions of Americans who are sick and tired of the hatred and bile of the left.
