---
id: 8f8d9a2043226a4b3dd64076aac2e28e
title: President Trump Called Utah Governor Cox After His Grandstanding When Announcing
  Charlie Kirk’s Assassin
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T01:44:26.531355'
created_at: '2025-09-14T01:44:26.531349'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://joehoft.com/president-trump-called-utah-governor-cox-after-his-grandstanding-when-announcing-charlie-kirks-assassin/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=president-trump-called-utah-governor-cox-after-his-grandstanding-when-announcing-charlie-kirks-assassin
  published_at: '2025-09-14T01:15:12'
---

President Trump called Utah Governor Cox immediately after the presser took place in Utah where the capture of the Charlie Kirk assassin was announced. On Friday, Utah Governor Spencer Cox made himself the most important person in the room as he announced that “We Got Him”.

Joe Hoft President Trump called Utah Governor Cox immediately after the presser took place in Utah where the capture of the Charlie Kirk assassin was announced. On Friday, Utah Governor Spencer Cox me himself the most important person in the room as he announced that “We Got Him”. #BREAKING Utah Governor Spencer Cox: We got him. ⚡️Tyler Robinson’s mugshot. pic.twitter.com/foNVrXveTx — The Hidden Layer (@Thehiddenlayer1) September 12, 2025 Governor Cox decided he would answer questions on the assassin’s surrender rather that the He of the FBI Kash Patel, and then he messed that up saying later that day that the killer worked alone. Cox should have stayed out of it as he now looks a fool in many ways. This is not unexpected. We knew Cox h a terrible record, even Charlie Kirk himself called for Cox’s resigning. Then as we reported changed GOP rules and inserted himself back into the governor’s mansion in 2024 anyways. SHAME: Utah’s GOP Governor Cox Used Friday Morning’s National Brocast to Grandstand and Promote Himself Bannon called out Governor Cox as well. Saw it this morning We didn’t need a #disagreebetter lecture from Gov Cox We need more information about what happened, how this kid got ricalized, who else was involved, etc. Bannon assessed his performance correctly pic.twitter.com/LTPCYWwaKO — GOUD Maragani (@goud4utah) September 12, 2025 The Atlantic reported that immediately after the presser where Governor Cox exclaimed “We Got Him!”, Governor Cox received a call from the President of the United States. (The fact that Governor Cox or a member of his team went to the rical far-left Atlantic says a lot about the outlets that Governor Cox aligns with.) Utah Governor Spencer Cox (R) received a phone call from none other than President Donald Trump moments after the governor spoke to reporters about the arrest of a suspect in the assassination of Charlie Kirk . The President apparently d per far-left Atlantic that these people are killers. “You know, the type of person who would do something that to Charlie Kirk would love to do it to us,” Cox says Trump told him. Trump went on to recite statistics suggesting that the presidency was “one of the most dangerous jobs on the planet.” Fifteen percent of the men who’d held his office h been shot; 8 percent h been killed. Governor Cox tried to push peace after the rical, violent, and murderous left just assassinated American great Charlie Kirk. America and Trump want justice and then we can talk about civility with all of America.
