---
id: b79426994e3176c130f40fe5d26202c6
title: British Rap Duo Bob Vylan Celebrate Murder of Charlie Kirk on Stage — ‘Pronouns
  Was/Were… Rest in Peace You Piece of Sh*t’ (VIDEO)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T16:45:14.639062'
created_at: '2025-09-14T16:45:14.639056'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/british-rap-duo-bob-vylan-celebrate-murder-charlie/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T16:30:54'
---

The British rap duo Bob Vylan have celebrated the murder of Charlie Kirk at a performance on Saturday evening.

British Rap Duo Bob Vylan Celebrate Murder of Charlie Kirk on Stage - ‘Pronouns Was/Were… Rest in Peace You Piece of Sh*t’ (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by Ben Kew The British rap duo Bob Vylan have celebrated the murder of Charlie Kirk at a performance on Saturday evening. The le singer, whose real name is Pascal Robinson-Foster, me the disgusting remarks during a show in the Netherlands. ‘I want to dedicate this one to an absolute piece of shit of a human being.’ “’The pronouns was/were. Because if you talk shit, you will get Banged. Rest in peace Charlie Kirk you piece of shit.” Watch the clips below: Anti-British extremist Bob Vylan mocks and glorifies the brutal murder of Charlie Kirk on stage: “If you talk shit, you will get banged. Rest in peace Charlie Kirk you piece of sh*t”. He will be performing in the UK in November at: – 4th November: Leeds O2 Acemy: 0113 389… pic.twitter.com/riJ8Ol1mXA — Turning Point UK (@TPointUK) September 14, 2025 The duo are just one of millions of leftists around the world who have openly celebrated Kirk’s death after he was brutally assassinated during an event at Utah Valley University on Wednesday. It is not the first time that the pair have courted massive controversy for their sickening s. Appearing at the iconic Glastonbury Festival back in June, Robinson-Foster led a chant of “Free Palestine” and “Death, Death to the IDF (Israel Defense Forces).” “Hell yeah, from the river to the sea, Palestine must be, will be, Inshallah (Allah willing), will be free,” he said in another remark. Bob Vylan at Glastonbury got the crowd to chant “death, death to the IDF”. ding “from the river to the sea, Palestine will be free. Inshallah” at the end. Completely unacceptable. Underneath the inclusivity face, Glastonbury has become a hate fest. pic.twitter.com/URaMarlPJe — Chris Rose (@ArchRose90) June 28, 2025 ing this incident, it was reported that the Department of Justice’s Anti-Semitic Task Force, led by Senior Counsel to the Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights Leo Terrell, were looking into blocking visas for the duo ahe of a planned tour of the United States. “We understand that Mr. Vylan is planning to travel to the United States as part of the Inertia Tour,” Terrell said at the time. ”In response, Mr. Terrell’s Task Force will be reaching out to the U.S. Department of State on Monday to determine what measures are available to dress the situation and to prevent the promotion of violent antisemitic rhetoric in the United States.” After Calling for “Death to the IDF” at Glastonbury, US Fall Tour by “Violent” British Punk Band Bob Vylan Being Looked at By DOJ Anti-Semitic Task Force Led by Leo Terrell
