---
id: b84cc4f499a92cd4aa2358967a27b073
title: Hunter Biden Petitions Courts to Have Businessman and Election Fraud Expert
  Patrick Byrne ARRESTED Over Defamation Lawsuit
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T16:05:14.652843'
created_at: '2025-09-14T16:05:14.652836'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/hunter-biden-petitions-courts-have-businessman-election-fraud/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T16:00:46'
---

Hunter Biden has asked a federal judge to issue an arrest warrant for the Bitcoin messiah and former Overstock.com CEO Patrick Byrne.

The Gateway Pundit | by Ben Kew Hunter Biden has asked a federal judge to issue an arrest warrant for the Bitcoin messiah and former Overstock.com CEO Patrick Byrne. The former president’s son filed the case in 2023, claiming Byrne defamed him on social media two years earlier by alleging he sought an $800 million payout from Iran to release frozen funds. The lawsuit also says Byrne repeated the allegation after the October 7 attacks in Israel, implying that Biden h “contributed” to the violence through his ties with Iran. His legal team is now appealing to U.S. District Judge Stephen Wilson to have Byrne arrested for allegedly ignoring court orders and failing to provide an official dress at which they can harass him. They wrote in their complaint: Defendant is a billionaire who ignores court orders while concealing his assets overseas or in cryptocurrencies specifically created to eve governmental authority and who flouts this Court’s authority The appropriate sanction is to force Defendant to appear and defend (or confess) the case on the merits. The Court has repeatedly ordered Defendant to appear, and Defendant has repeatedly ignored the Court. Plaintiff therefore respectfully requests that the Court compel Defendant to appear by issuance of a bench warrant. Byrne is a highly respected figure within the conservative movement and led the way in providing the evidence that the 2020 presidential election was stolen from President Trump. EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: DOGE Investigation Proves The CIA & USAID Worked With Communist China, George Soros’ Open Society Foundation, & Venezuela To Steal The 2020 Election & Establish An Election Fraud Control Grid! Political Insider Patrick Byrne Joins Alex Jones To Exclusively… pic.twitter.com/VmjJmHN328 — Alex Jones (@RealAlexJones) August 11, 2025 He is also a longtime supporter of the former January 6th prisoners, having provided financial assistance to help pay for their legal fees. Patrick Byrne Answers Trump’s Call To Support J6 Political Prisoner Ryan Samsel When All Organizations Refused Last September, it was r eported that Hunter Biden h agreed to undergo a seven-hour-long psychological evaluation to determine whether he was “emotionally damaged” by Byrne’s allegations. Bryne was just one of Hunter’s various legal targets. Back in May, he dropped a lawsuit against former New York Mayort Rudy Giuliani for sharing the contents of his notorious laptop.
