---
id: bae99b3da8b4284624fe2e88697e0d69
title: 'Victor Reacts: The Left Is Using an Example of Violence Against Conservatives
  to Disarm Conservatives (VIDEO)'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T01:24:24.551209'
created_at: '2025-09-14T01:24:24.551067'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/victor-reacts-left-is-using-example-violence-against/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T01:20:41'
---

The left is attempting to use the assassination of Charlie Kirk as a justification to violate the Second Amendment.

The Gateway Pundit | by Victor Nieves The left is attempting to use the assassination of Charlie Kirk as a justification to violate the Second Amendment. clockwork they cannot help but to shamelessly weaponize every tragedy. Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez seemed to blame Kirk and other republicans for defending gun rights. BREAKING: Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) blames Republicans for Charlie Kirk being assassinated, saying that it was because they do not support gun control The gun that was used was a bolt action hunting rifle, the very rifle gun control vocates say people should own pic.twitter.com/s8LwD4gL5U — Ryan Saavedra (@RealSaavedra) September 11, 2025 Think about the insanity of that. Using a horrific example of political violence against a conservative as a way to disarm conservatives. Democrats are doing everything in their power to blame anyone but themselves. They refuse to accept that years of dehumanizing and vilifying conservatives as fascists, nazis, threats to democracy, and more has ricalized their ers. The Gateway Pundit reported , It was the fault of a killer who decided to take a life. To use his murder as evidence that America should disarm is to ignore both reality and history. People were interested in these podcasts Tyranny thrives when citizens are defenseless. Kirk himself often reminded young audiences that the right to bear arms is what ensures all of our other freedoms. Taking that away would not make America safer—it would make us weaker. Inste of exploiting this loss, we should be asking how to honor Kirk’s legacy. He believed in equipping young people to think critically, to defend their values, and to stand strong in the face of opposition. This example of horrible violence is a reason for Americans to stand strong in defense of the Second Amendment to protect themselves from those who would harm them for their political opinions.
