---
id: bd7cf91d869651bed799df3d1da865f1
title: Democrats Move Against FBI Director Kash Patel After Charlie Kirk’s Murder,
  Plan Congressional Hearings Week
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T18:05:19.177865'
created_at: '2025-09-14T18:05:19.177859'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/democrats-move-against-fbi-director-kash-patel-after/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T17:45:52'
---

Democrats are planning to move against FBI Director Kash Patel.

The Gateway Pundit | by Ben Kew Democrats are planning to move against FBI Director Kash Patel. According to The Associated Press, Democrats will take vantage of the FBI taking the wrong suspect into custody over the Charlie Kirk assassination by hauling in Patel for Congressional hearings. Their report states: Patel now approaches congressional oversight hearings this coming week facing not just questions about that investigation but broer doubts about whether he can stabilize a federal law enforcement agency fragmented by political fights and internal upheaval. Democrats are poised to press Patel on a purge of senior executives that has prompted a lawsuit, his pursuit of President Donald Trump’s grievances long after the Russia investigation ended, and a realignment of resources that has prioritized the fight against illegal immigration and street crime even though the agency has for deces been defined by its work on complicated threats counterintelligence and public corruption. That’s in dition to questions about the handling of files from the Jeffrey Epstein sex trafficking case , the dition of a co-deputy director to serve alongside Dan Bongino, and the use of polygraphs on some agents in recent months to identify sources of leaks. Republicans, meanwhile, are ly to rally to his defense or redirect the spotlight toward the bureau’s critics. The subject in custody has been released after an interrogation by law enforcement. Our investigation continues and we will continue to release information in interest of transparency https://t.co/YXsG6YpFR5 — FBI Director Kash Patel (@FBIDirectorKash) September 10, 2025 Since being confirmed as the FBI Director back in January, Patel has promised to clean up the agency and end the political bias that has damaged its reputation over the past dece. However, there are alrey suggestions that senior figures at the FBI may be trying to sabotage Patel’s leership. Just yesterday it was reported that agents in Salt Lake City sat on a crucial photo of Charlie Kirk’s k for nearly 12 hours before sharing it with their boss. The New York Times reported: On Thursday morning, a day after hastily suggesting the person who gunned down Charlie Kirk was in custody, Kash Patel, the F.B.I. director, convened an online meeting with 200 agents around the country to discuss the manhunt. It was a tense affair. […] The director wasted no time before calling out subordinates that he said failed to give him timely information and was incensed that agents in Salt Lake City waited nearly 12 hours to show him a photo of the suspected killer, according to three people familiar on the exchange. Mr. Patel said he would not tolerate any more “Mickey Mouse operations,” an official on the call recounted. It was one of his few utterances without profanity, the person ded. FBI Agents Sat on Photo of Charlie Kirk Assassination Suspect for 12 Hours Before Briefing Director Kash Patel: Report
