---
id: bfabf4aa563530219e628371ac8479f4
title: Washington DC Memorial Service and Prayer Vigil for Charlie Kirk to be Held
  Sunday at 6 PM ET – Tickets Available
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T01:04:22.052310'
created_at: '2025-09-14T01:04:22.052304'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/washington-dc-memorial-service-prayer-vigil-charlie-kirk/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T01:00:56'
---

Friends of Charlie Kirk will host a memorial and prayer vigil for Charlie Kirk on Sunday as the country and the world mourn his horrific assassination. Kirk’s assassination on Wednesday, September 10, has sparked peaceful gatherings across the United States and even across Eur...

Washington DC Memorial Service and Prayer Vigil for Charlie Kirk to be Held Sunday at 6 PM ET - Tickets Available | The Gateway Pundit | by Jordan Conrson Friends of Charlie Kirk will host a memorial and prayer vigil for Charlie Kirk on Sunday as the country and the world mourn his horrific assassination. Kirk’s assassination on Wednesday, September 10, has sparked peaceful gatherings across the United States and even across Europe, where millions are turning out to mourn the 31-year-old Turning Point USA founder. LEGACY ACROSS THE SEA: Spontaneous Vigils and Gatherings Pop Up in Europe Honoring Conservative Hero Charlie Kirk (VIDEOS AND PICTURES) On Friday, Micah Rea, the Director of Faith Based Initiatives at the US Department of Commerce, announced that he and others are planning a Memorial for Charlie Kirk on Sunday evening in Washington, DC. The location is set to be announced on Sunday afternoon. mission is free, and tickets are available here . Dear friends, I am organizing with the help of others a Memorial Prayer Vigil for @charliekirk11 this Sunday evening at 6:00 PM in Washington, D.C. The specific location will be d soon. Please and we hope to have you join us. This will be a special time of… pic.twitter.com/Zd8JJWQwT9 — Micah Rea (@TheMicahRea) September 12, 2025 United States Agency for Global Media Acting CEO Kari Lake also d the event, encouraging all to join to pay respects and pray for Charlie Kirk and his family. To Friends in our Nation’s Capital: Please join us as we pay tribute to Charlie Kirk with a Memorial Service & Prayer Vigil this Sunday, September 14th at 6pm. DC Location will be provided Sunday afternoon and registration is required. Register at the ing link:… — Kari Lake (@KariLake) September 13, 2025 Across the nation, Americans have gathered in prayer for our Brother in Christ, Charlie. Outside Turning Point USA's hequarters in Chandler, Arizona, there has been a "constant flow of thousands of people," paying their respects and saying prayers. The constant flow of thousands of people at our hequarters and the first building we ever h is extremely uplifting. Most of these wonderful people at @TPUSA HQ holding constant prayer circles and vigils are from different states. Thank you for honoring Charlie! pic.twitter.com/abL1eNFsHx — Tyler Bowyer (@tylerbowyer) September 13, 2025 At the Valley's Deam City Church, where Charlie and his family worshiped, supporters packed the auditorium on Thursday to mourn Kirk's passing. Charlie Kirk's home church last night, celebrating the gracious man he was. pic.twitter.com/poactGV3wq — Girl patriot (@Girlpatriot1974) September 12, 2025
