---
id: c26fff5805e5f554d576ff44cd23a6ba
title: Former Co-Worker Says Charlie Kirk’s Accused Assassin Bragged About Long-Range
  Shooting Abilities
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T00:44:22.155803'
created_at: '2025-09-14T00:44:22.155789'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/former-co-worker-says-charlie-kirks-accused-assassin/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T00:40:36'
---

A former coworker of Tyler Robinson, the 22-year-old man accused of assassinating Charlie Kirk on Wednesday, has stated that he bragged about his long-range shooting abilities.

The Gateway Pundit | by Cassandra MacDonald A former coworker of Tyler Robinson, the 22-year-old man accused of assassinating Charlie Kirk on Wednesday, has stated that he bragged about his long-range shooting abilities. Robinson is accused of firing a single dely shot from a rooftop 200 yards away from where Kirk was speaking at Utah Valley University, using an imported Mauser .30-06 bolt-action rifle. The co-worker, who spoke to the New York Post on the condition of anonymity, worked with Robinson as an electrician at the Washington County-based company High Output Electric. Robinson, 22, barely uttered a word while working as a first-year electrician on a new apartment complex in St. George, Utah in 2023 — except for when the topic of guns came up, according to a 25-year-old electrician who worked alongside him. “Right after Black Friday, I h just got done working and I was showing my supervisor the new pistol I bought,” said the co-worker, who asked to remain anonymous. “We were out by the trucks, and then Tyler and another guy came over and we were all talking about what kinds of guns we were gonna get or h bought, and they started talking about their longest shots. Tyler said he me a 450 yard shot,” he recalled. “That was the only time we got [Robinson] to conversate with us, when we were talking about guns that day. He got excited about it — at least, as excited as he can get. He never really showed much emotion. He was just kind of, I don’t know, blank? He was just really quiet,” the man said. It has been reported by multiple outlets that Robinson, who grew up in a conservative Utah family, lived with a transgender partner named Lance Twiggs at the time of the shooting. Authorities have reported that Robinson confessed to a family member, who alerted law enforcement, leing to his capture. Robinson is scheduled to make his first court appearance on Tuesday. It will be conducted virtually. The accused assassin is currently being held without bail in a Utah jail on charges of aggravated murder, obstruction of justice, and felony discharge of a firearm causing serious bodily injury. Utah is a death penalty state. If convicted, Robinson will be eligible to face a firing squ.
