---
id: ec6332cd3b9011f161a7148c9d4b97cc
title: Evil Leftist Dressed as Charlie Kirk’s Assassin Stomps On Kirk Memorial at
  TPUSA Headquarters Before Being Tackled by Patriot (VIDEO)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T21:33:56.980700'
created_at: '2025-09-14T21:33:56.980691'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/evil-leftist-dressed-as-charlie-kirks-assassin-stomps/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T21:20:18'
---

This is the evil left.

Evil Leftist Dressed as Charlie Kirk's Assassin Stomps On Kirk Memorial at TPUSA Hequarters Before Being Tackled by Patriot (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila This is the evil left. A far-left rical dressed up as Charlie Kirk’s assassin stomped on Charlie Kirk’s memorial at the TPUSA hequarters in Arizona before being tackled by a patriot. Charlie Kirk was gunned down last Wednesday by a far-left assassin during an event at Utah Valley University. 22-year-old Tyler Robinson was taken into custody on suspicion of capital murder, discharge of a weapon to cause bodily harm, and obstruction of justice. Robinson’s father turned his son in to the authorities after he saw photos of the suspect posted online. Video posted to social media showed a man wearing the same t-shirt and jeans that Tyler Robinson wore stomping on Charlie Kirk’s memorial before a man in blue tackled him. Police immediately arrested the suspect, identified as 19-year-old Ryder Corral. WATCH: JUST IN: Man arrested after vandalizing Charlie Kirk memorial outside Turning Point USA’s hequarters in Arizona. The suspect has been identified as 19-year-old Ryder Corral. pic.twitter.com/N1LAMCniS1 — Fox News (@FoxNews) September 14, 2025 The vandal was wearing the same shirt Tyler Robinson wore last Wednesday when he assassinated Charlie Kirk. INFURIATING: The man who was just arrested for VANDALIZING Charlie Kirk’s memorial at TPUSA, 19y/o Ryder Corral, was wearing the SAME SHIRT Kirk’s assassin wore FBI should be tracking EACH AND EVERY person who has bought this shirt! Clearly many of them are vioIent. pic.twitter.com/kIQlUvVPaR — Nick Sortor (@nicksortor) September 14, 2025
