---
id: f0b32efc63b6997b465c33dce3a7580e
title: 'JUST IN: Police Investigating Whether Tyler Robinson’s Romantic Relationship
  with Transgender Roommate is Motive in Assassination of Charlie Kirk'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T00:04:22.147925'
created_at: '2025-09-14T00:04:22.147915'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/just-police-investigating-whether-tyler-robinsons-romantic-relationship/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T00:00:25'
---

Authorities are now investigating whether Tyler Robinson’s romantic relationship with his transgender roommate was the motive in his decision to assassinate Charlie Kirk.

JUST IN: Police Investigating Whether Tyler Robinson's Romantic Relationship with Transgender Roommate is Motive in Assassination of Charlie Kirk | The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila Authorities are now investigating whether Tyler Robinson’s romantic relationship with his transgender roommate was the motive in his decision to assassinate Charlie Kirk. Tyler Robinson lived with his transgender partner – Lance Twiggs – a male to female trans, according to Fox News reporter Brooke Singman. The transgender partner is cooperating with the FBI. The FBI used Robinson’s texts with his transgender partner to solidify that Robinson was the assassin. As TGP’s Cassandra MacDonald reported , conservative podcaster Steven Crowder received a leaked document from within ATF revealing that the weapon found near the site of Charlie Kirk’s assassination was equipped with cartridges etched with symbols and phrases tied to transgender and Antifa ideology. Axios reported : Authorities are investigating whether Tyler Robinson, suspected of killing Charlie Kirk , believed Kirk’s views on gender identity were “hateful” to people Robinson’s transgender roommate, six sources familiar with the case tell Axios. Why it matters: Investigators believe Robinson’s anger at Kirk’s views could be a key to establishing a motive for the slaying of the controversial activist whose death sent shockwaves through American politics. Each of the six sources familiar with the investigation told Axios that investigators believe Robinson h a romantic relationship with his roommate. Zoom in: Axios’ sources said investigators initially wanted the information about the roommate’s gender identity kept quiet because that person is being “extremely cooperative” with authorities. The roommate was “aghast” at the slaying when speaking to investigators and d electronic messages sent by Robinson, one of the sources said. “That’s what happened? Oh my God, no,” the roommate said, according to the source. “Here are all the messages.”
