---
id: f41a804a0530f0da3294d9da9a71d064
title: 'JUST IN: Leftist Physically Assaults, Threatens to Kill South Dakota Republican
  Gubernatorial Candidate Over His Support For Charlie Kirk'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-14T02:24:22.488647'
created_at: '2025-09-14T02:24:22.488640'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/leftist-physically-assaults-threatens-kill-south-dakota-republican/
  published_at: '2025-09-14T02:20:36'
---

More left-wing political violence.

The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila More left-wing political violence. Pro-Trump South Dakota Republican gubernatorial candidate and Aberdeen businessman, Toby Doeden, was physically assaulted and threatened on Saturday evening over his support for Charlie Kirk. Toby Doeden expressed his support for Charlie Kirk this week after a gunman assassinated the TPUSA founder. But for now, we stop to remember. pic.twitter.com/xYn0Cofv8Q — Toby Doeden (@TobyForSD) September 11, 2025 “The cries of this widow will echo around the world a battle cry.” This is not the end of @TPUSA . This is the very beginning. God bless, @MrsErikaKirk ! pic.twitter.com/5i57cwxOOc — Toby Doeden (@TobyForSD) September 13, 2025 And he was attacked for supporting Charlie Kirk and his wife Erika. Toby Doeden was attending the Northern State University football game on Saturday evening when an angry leftist physically assaulted him and threatened to kill him. The leftist was immediately arrested. Per political consultant Matt Hurley: Earlier this evening, while attending the Northern State University football game, South Dakota Republican gubernatorial candidate Toby Doeden was approached by an agitated individual. The individual proceeded to physically assault Mr. Doeden while making multiple threats on his life and repeatedly referencing his support for the late Charlie Kirk. The individual was immediately detained and subsequently arrested. We are grateful for the swift response of both the Northern State University Campus Police and the Aberdeen Police Department. Earlier this evening, while attending the Northern State University football game, South Dakota Republican gubernatorial candidate Toby Doeden was approached by an agitated individual. The individual proceeded to physically assault Mr. Doeden while making multiple threats on… — Matt Hurley (@mhurleyofficial) September 14, 2025 I’m running for Governor to represent the people, NOT the powerful. Join me: https://t.co/qWEspuHCwG pic.twitter.com/YiBGy7zmv6 — Toby Doeden (@TobyForSD) May 29, 2025
