---
id: 067768213c65c9a7a382f8c6de6a39c0
title: 'WATCH LIVE: Erika Kirk Gives First Public Remarks Since Husband Charlie’s
  Assassination – 8:15 PM ET'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T00:34:18.261703'
created_at: '2025-09-13T00:34:18.261684'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/erika-kirk-give-first-public-remarks-since-husband/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T00:15:03'
---

Erika Kirk will give her first public remarks Friday evening at 8:15 pm ET since her husband Charlie Kirk’s assassination.

WATCH LIVE: Erika Kirk Gives First Public Remarks Since Husband Charlie's Assassination - 8:15 PM ET | The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila Erika Kirk will give her first public remarks Friday evening at 8:15 pm ET since her husband Charlie Kirk’s assassination. Charlie and Erika got married in May 2021 and have two young children together. Psalm 46:1 – God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. — Erika Kirk (@MrsErikaKirk) September 10, 2025 Charlie Kirk was gunned down on Wednesday afternoon during at an event at Utah Valley University. The assassin, Tyler Robinson, 22, was taken into custody on Friday morning and charged with capital murder, obstruction of justice and weapons charges. Erika Kirk and Second Ly Usha Vance held hands as they stepped off Air Force Two on Thursday with Charlie Kirk’s casket as they arrived in Phoenix, Arizona. JUST IN: Erika Kirk and Usha Vance hold hands as they step off Air Force Two with Charlie Kirk’s casket arriving in Arizona. pic.twitter.com/SR4hSbe1 — Fox News (@FoxNews) September 12, 2025 Mrs. Kirk will give her first public statements tonight since her husband was gunned down. Erika Kirk said her husband Charlie is now wearing the “glorious crown of a martyr.” “My husband laid down his life for me and for his nation,” Mrs. Kirk said. WATCH: https://t.co/vPQNjn1NjX — Charlie Kirk (@charliekirk11) September 13, 2025 ditional footage from RSBN:
