---
id: 06a3a8fc05dd90d4a45db22b3fbefc04
title: Coldplay Frontman Chris Martin Sends Love to Charlie Kirk’s Family During Final
  Concert in London — Bluesky Leftists Melt Down
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T20:44:21.917134'
created_at: '2025-09-13T20:44:21.917126'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/coldplay-frontman-chris-martin-sends-love-charlie-kirks/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T20:40:15'
---

Coldplay frontman Chris Martin has sent his love to Charlie Kirk’s family following his brutal assassination earlier this week.

Coldplay Frontman Chris Martin Sends Love to Charlie Kirk’s Family During Final Concert in London - Bluesky Leftists Melt Down | The Gateway Pundit | by Ben Kew Coldplay frontman Chris Martin has sent his love to Charlie Kirk’s family ing his brutal assassination earlier this week. Martin, who is known for his left-liberal views and environmental activism, urged attendees to send “love” to those in the world who are suffering. “There are so many places that might need it today,” Martin said. “You can send this to your brother or your sister, you can send it to the families of people who have been going through terrible stuff, you can send it to Charlie Kirk’s family, you can send it to anybody’s family.” “You can send it to people you disagree with, but you send them love anyway… You can send it to peaceful people in the Middle East, in Ukraine and Russia.” He me the s in between songs during the band’s final London performance of their Music of the Spheres world tour. Watch the clip below: BREAKING: Coldplay’s Chris Martin tells his audience of 80,000+ to send love to Charlie Kirks family during final night at Wembley It’s no longer about left vs right. It’s about humanity vs insanity. pic.twitter.com/tBts2oNeeE — Inevitable West (@Inevitablewest) September 13, 2025 Martin’s s went down a cup of cold sick with leftists, who do not believe that the families of conservative murder victims deserve any compassion whatsoever. Believe it or not, there are still some decent liberals around, even if they are few and far between.
