---
id: 0965be7c1d2a160766049aa93703c1a5
title: 'EPSTEIN CURSE IN THE UK: Fired US Ambassador Lord Peter Mandelson Is Ousted
  From His Own Lobbying Firm, Loses University of Manchester Honors'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T21:24:22.283703'
created_at: '2025-09-13T21:24:22.283692'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/epstein-curse-uk-fired-us-ambassador-lord-peter/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T21:20:31'
---

A reduced version of Prince Andrew’s fall from grace is ongoing with Mandelson.

EPSTEIN CURSE IN THE UK: Fired US Ambassor Lord Peter Mandelson Is Ousted From His Own Lobbying Firm, Loses University of Manchester Honors | The Gateway Pundit | by Paul Serran A reduced version of Prince Andrew’s fall from grace is ongoing with Mandelson. we have been reporting here on TGP since December 2024, the long and close relationship between Labour peer Lord Peter Mandelson and the late pedophile Jeffrey Epstein me him a very poor choice for a British Ambassor to the US – not to talk about his reportedly shy EU and China ties. In January, reports arose of pushback on the part of the Donald J. Trump ministration, who much preferred Dame Karen Pierce as the Washington envoy. These reports have partially been confirmed since Trump invited Pierce to a state banquet during his upcoming UK state visit – and not Mandelson. Failing Prime Minister Keir Starmer picked Mandelson, but when the Epstein ‘Birthday book’ was released by the US House Oversight Committee, his life and career came crashing down. Now, fired from his ambassorship, Mandelson is being forced out of the lobbying company he founded and losing his University honors over his Epstein ties. The Telegraph reported: “Global Counsel has told clients that the Labour peer is in the process of selling his 21 per cent stake in the business. The company is scrambling to distance itself from Lord Mandelson after the emergence of emails he sent to Epstein in which he told him “I think the world of you”, even after his arrest for child sex offences.” Global Counsel has me it clear that it h never h any business dealings with Epstein. “Lord Mandelson founded Global Counsel in 2010 after Labour lost that year’s election and has grown it into an visory and lobbying consultancy based in London, with offices in the US, Europe, the Middle East and Asia.” GB News reported: “Manchester Metropolitan University said it ‘no longer has any ties’ with the former US ambassor, who was sacked by Sir Keir Starmer yesterday. Lord Mandelson was given an honorary doctorate by the university in 2016 upon being appointed as Chancellor, a title he held until 2024.” A spokesman for the university said the loss of honorary awards ed ‘the revelations’. It’s the Epstein curse. “The spokesman ded: ‘At that time, we were reassured that there was no ongoing connection nor anything that would compromise Lord Mandelson’s position’. He continued: ‘Our thoughts are with the victims who were subjected to the appalling crimes committed by Jeffrey Epstein and to all those who continue to be affected today. The University no longer has any ties with Lord Mandelson’.” Re more: UK’s Failing PM Keir Starmer FIRES Embattled Ambassor to the US Lord Peter Mandelson, After He mits More ‘Very Embarrassing’ Facts on His Friendship With Epstein Will Come to Light
