---
id: 0c7f86d5e250af65199b1fd13c52193a
title: 'WTH??? Office Depot Supervisor and Manager REFUSE To Print Posters For Charlie
  Kirk Vigil—Tell 3 Teenagers Who PAID in Advance: “We don’t print propaganda here!”
  [VIDEO]'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T01:14:18.231269'
created_at: '2025-09-13T01:14:18.231263'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/wth-office-depot-supervisor-manager-refuse-print-posters/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T00:42:42'
---

The Gateway Pundit spoke exclusively with one of the parties involved in helping to promote a Charlie Kirk Prayer Vigil in Portage, Michigan, tonight, about a shocking incident that involved 3 teenagers being refused service at a local Office Depot by a supervisor and manager ...

WTH??? Office Depot Supervisor and Manager REFUSE To Print Posters For Charlie Kirk Vigil---Tell 3 Teenagers Who PAID in vance: "We don't print propaganda here!" [VIDEO] | The Gateway Pundit | by Patty McMurray The Gateway Pundit spoke exclusively with one of the parties involved in helping to promote a Charlie Kirk Prayer Vigil in Portage, Michigan, tonight, about a shocking incident that involved 3 teenagers being refused service at a local Office Depot by a supervisor and manager because the project was considered “political propaganda,” by them. A stunning video was sent to me by a woman working with 3 teenage boys who were organizing a vigil for Charlie Kirk. The teenage boys paid in vance to have posters me for their vigil in Portage, MI. When they got to Office Depot to pick up their posters, two of the employees informed them that their posters weren’t printed and that they were not going to be printed by them. When the teenage boys asked, “Why?” one of the employees told them, “We don’t print propaganda!” “So, we came in for an order earlier— for—to print a poster for a vigil tonight, for somebody that passed,” one of the boys can be heard saying, “Yeah, so we don’t print propaganda,” the female/male? supervisor tells him. “It’s not—” the teenager tried to explain, but the manager interrupts him, saying, “It’s propaganda! I’m sorry. We don’t print that here!” The teenage boy asks the two ult Office Depot employees, “What’s your name?” to which the male employee responds, “I’m (unintelligible), I’m the print supervisor.” The female/male? Office Depot employee replies, “I’m one of the managers. So, unfortunately, we do not print—” Here is a copy of the receipt for the Charlie Kirk prayer vigil posters that were paid for in vance: “Okay, so you say you don’t print propaganda, but this is for somebody who passed away a couple of years [days] ago,” the teenager explains. “That’s political propaganda, unfortunately.” The teenager desperately tries to explain that the posters are for a vigil tonight. “What makes it political propaganda? one of the teenagers can be heard asking. “Because it’s political propaganda, and we don’t have to—” the female/male? manager explains. The print supervisor interrupts to tell the teenagers who are helping to host a prayer vigil tonight that they can always come back on Monday and talk to their general manager, telling them, “You’re welcome to return.” Watch the stunning exchange here: Outrageous: Office Depot supervisor and manager at Westnedge, Portage, MI, refuse to print posters for 3 teens hosting a Charlie Kirk prayer vigil. pic.twitter.com/lJ8pZzNKOM — The Gateway Pundit (@gatewaypundit) September 13, 2025 The Office Depot where this incident took place is located at 6685 Westnedge Ave. in Portage, MI.
