---
id: 121e9ecaba5362259bc937825dc03ad0
title: President Trump Confirms Kirk Assassin Tyler Robinson Has a Transgender Partner
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T20:04:22.270572'
created_at: '2025-09-13T20:04:22.270566'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/president-trump-confirms-kirk-assassin-tyler-robinson-has/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T20:00:08'
---

President Trump confirmed to Newsmax reporter Rob Schmitt that Charlie Kirk’s assassin, Tyler Robinson, indeed has a transgender partner.

The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila President Trump confirmed to Newsmax reporter Rob Schmitt that Charlie Kirk’s assassin, Tyler Robinson, indeed has a transgender partner. “President Trump told me this morning, Kirk assassin has a trans gf,” Rob Schmitt said on X President Trump told me this morning, Kirk assassin has a trans gf. — Rob Schmitt (@SchmittNYC) September 13, 2025 Tyler Robinson lived with his transgender partner – a male to female trans, according to Fox News reporter Brooke Singman. The transgender partner is cooperating with the FBI. The FBI used Robinson’s texts with his transgender partner to solidify that Robinson was the assassin. The Daily Mail reported on Saturday that Lance Twiggs was identified as Robinson’s ‘roommate’ and possible transgender partner who is cooperating with law enforcement. Lance Twiggs appears to have ‘transitioned’ within the last couple of years. How did Lance Twiggs get ricalized and turn transgender within 2-3 years? Her mother’s Facebook page has him basically gone after 2022. Unreal pic.twitter.com/QDCo8eqeBa — Harry Bosch (@HarryB0sch) September 13, 2025 DEVELOPING…
