---
id: 20422aba65df1010c17542df5d4eca69
title: 'Comcast CEO Warns MSNBC Staff to Behave After Firing Analyst Over Vile Charlie
  Kirk Rant: ‘We Need to Do Better’'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T13:34:23.192432'
created_at: '2025-09-13T13:34:23.192426'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/comcast-ceo-warns-msnbc-staff-behave-after-firing/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T13:15:56'
---

The bosses at MSNBC are warning their employees to behave.

The Gateway Pundit | by Ben Kew The bosses at MSNBC are warning their employees to behave. ing the brutal assassination of conservative activist Charlie Kirk, MSNBC’s parent company has issued a warning to employees about their rhetoric. Comcast CEO Brian Roberts wrote in the memo : The tragic loss of Charlie Kirk, a 31-year-old father, husband, and vocate for open debate, whose faith was important to him, reminds us of the fragility of life and the urgent need for unity in our nation. Our hearts are heavy, as his passing leaves a grieving family and a country grappling with division. There is no place for violence or hate in our society. You may have seen that MSNBC recently ended its association with a contributor who me an unacceptable and insensitive about this horrific event. That coverage was at odds with fostering civil dialogue and being willing to listen to the points of view of those who have differing opinions. We should be able to disagree, robustly and passionately, but, ultimately, with respect. We need to do better. Charlie Kirk believed that “when people stop talking, really b stuff starts.” Regardless of whether you agreed with his political views, his words and actions underscore the urgency to maintain a respectful exchange of ideas – a principle we must champion. We believe in the power of communication to bring us together. Today, that belief feels more vital than ever. Something essential has fractured in our public discourse, and as a company that values the power of information, we have a responsibility to help mend it. As employees, we ask you to embody our values in your work and communities. We should engage with respect, listen, and treat people with kindness. The warning comes after the network fired analyst Matthew Dowd after he went on a vile rant about Kirk’s supposed hate speech and suggested his death may have been a supporter shooting a gun in celebration. “He’s been one of the most divisive, especially divisive younger figures in this, who is constantly sort of pushing this sort of hate speech, or sort of aimed at certain groups,” Dowd remarked. ”And I always go back to, hateful thoughts le to hateful words, which then le to hateful actions.” “We don’t know the full details of this,” Dowd said. “We don’t know if this was a supporter shooting their gun off in celebration. So, we have no idea.” He has since been fired from the network. BREAKING: Matthew Dowd Fired from MSNBC For Vile s Blaming Charlie Kirk For Assassination
