---
id: 2542df2d916dc297bf5f5dda5be0cfd6
title: Over a MILLION People Flood the Streets in MASSIVE Free Speech Demonstration
  in London That is Also Honoring Charlie Kirk (VIDEO COLLECTION)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T14:54:19.187100'
created_at: '2025-09-13T14:54:19.187095'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/million-people-flood-streets-massive-free-speech-demonstration/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T14:45:13'
---

‘They Just Made a MILLION Charlie Kirks.’ The British people have had enough, and took out to the street en force to demonstrate against unchecked mass migration, censorship, and for the self-determination of the citizenship.

The Gateway Pundit | by Paul Serran ‘They Just Me a MILLION Charlie Kirks.’ The British people have h enough, and took out to the street en force to demonstrate against unchecked mass migration, censorship, and for the self-determination of the citizenship. Heed by rightwing journalist Tommy Robinson and other patriotic forces, the ‘Unite the Kingdom’ is a massive success, with literally millions of people packing up central London to march on Whitehall, the seat of Parliament. Besides the local agendas of the march, there’s also a special place in the demonstrations to honor late American hero Charlie Kirk and celebrate his legacy. Below you find a video collection to feast our eyes and warm our hearts. Millions & millions are rising , we will honour @charliekirk11 ❤️❤️ pic.twitter.com/pBmElv44cK — Tommy Robinson (@TRobinsonNewEra) September 13, 2025 United we stand! pic.twitter.com/qBZScdyU4k — Dominik Tarczyński MEP (@D_Tarczynski) September 13, 2025 The entire world loves Charlie Kirk as you can see at the Unite The Kingdom event today in London with @TRobinsonNewEra and friends. pic.twitter.com/E6Dn3IPmSb — Don Keith (@RealDonKeith) September 13, 2025 BREAKING: LONDON FLOODED AHE OF TOMMY ROBINSON RALLY Thousands alrey pack the streets 2.5 hours early for the “Unite the Kingdom” rally. Authorities brace for up to 1 million attendees, which could set Europe’s all-time record for the largest demonstration crowd. pic.twitter.com/0c5hIRpKyn — The_Independent (@TheIndeWire) September 13, 2025 BREAKING: More than one MILLION patriots conquer London for a Tommy Robinson march They just me a million Charlie Kirks. pic.twitter.com/rDfZzV4J0b — Inevitable West (@Inevitablewest) September 13, 2025 The Left appalled and confused by Tommy Robinson’s march. It’s not just huge, it’s a march of actual real people – ordinary Brits. Not middle-class political activists and rabid Middle-East anti-Semites. pic.twitter.com/w91E6QTX1G — Martin Durkin (@Martin_Durkin) September 13, 2025 Britain is awake , we are no longer afraid , you will not take our right to free speech @Keir_Starmer WE WANT OUR COUNTRY BACK pic.twitter.com/EXKBCOL5G8 — Tommy Robinson (@TRobinsonNewEra) September 13, 2025 MILLIONS HAVE TURNED UP FOR OUR FOR OUR UNITE THE KINGDOM EVENT!!!! This is the biggest protest in British history. British patriots are chanting the name of @charliekirk11 in his memory. Credit to RISE Rio for the video. pic.twitter.com/cFZlDEwrGN — Tommy Robinson (@TRobinsonNewEra) September 13, 2025 D, you hear that American got killed? Yes Son. You’re going to that #TommyRobinson thing on Saturday aren’t you, perhaps you shouldn’t given whats happening? No Son, that’s EXACTLY why I MUST go. Real conversation tonight at home. #LeByExample #CharlieKirk #UTK See… pic.twitter.com/EwLbC3VKVh — Tony (@EvacTony) September 11, 2025 Veterans Mums Kids Some Americans & more Flags as far as the eyes can see @itvnews @Channel4News @SkyNews you here? #UniteTheKingdom pic.twitter.com/HxgdAIZ2jD — Alan D Miller (@alanvibe) September 13, 2025 ‘There are thousands of people here, it is a sight to see.’ GB News’ Dougie Beattie walks with the official front line of the ‘Unite the Kingdom’ march, as they make their way to Whitehall. pic.twitter.com/s0mPgCOtK4 — GB News (@GBNEWS) September 13, 2025 Police have just announced there is around 3 million people at Unite The Kingdom March. ✊✌️ The Left could only dream of those numbers, they are out battled and out numbered. The British People are AWAKE! pic.twitter.com/VzEnBI5LXi — Benonwine (@benonwine) September 13, 2025 NOW – Massive crowds march in London for the “Unite the Kingdom” rally for free speech. pic.twitter.com/u38EmtrlhN — Disclose.tv (@disclosetv) September 13, 2025 Re more: LEGACY ACROSS THE SEA: Spontaneous Vigils and Gatherings Pop Up in Europe Honoring Conservative Hero Charlie Kirk (VIDEOS AND PICTURES)
