---
id: 40b23796b65991dfe16ac574bb1f01df
title: Christian Nurse Bravely Pushes Back Against Doctor Celebrating Charlie Kirk’s
  Assassination But SHE is the One Put on Leave-Lawsuit Filed
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T18:55:25.247784'
created_at: '2025-09-13T18:55:25.247777'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/christian-nurse-bravely-pushes-back-against-doctor-celebrating/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T18:45:56'
---

Activist Scott Pressler has uncovered a disturbing story about a nurse in New Jersey who dared to confront a doctor celebrating Charlie Kirk’s political assassination by telling a group of healthcare professionals and a patient that Kirk “had it coming” and “deserved it.” Pres...

Christian Nurse Bravely Pushes Back Against Doctor Celebrating Charlie Kirk's Assassination But SHE is the One Put on Leave-Lawsuit Filed | The Gateway Pundit | by Margaret Flavin Activist Scott Pressler has uncovered a disturbing story about a nurse in New Jersey who dared to confront a doctor celebrating Charlie Kirk’s political assassination by telling a group of healthcare professionals and a patient that Kirk “h it coming” and “deserved it.” Pressler reported on X, “Meet Lexi Kuenzle. She’s one of the good ones. Yesterday, in front of a nurses’ station — with 8 (eight) nurses & a PATIENT —Dr. Matthew Jung said in front of everyone, ‘I hate Charlie Kirk. He h it coming. He deserved it.'” “Lexi, a registered nurse, was the ONLY one that spoke up: ‘You’re a doctor. How could you say someone deserved to die.’ Lexi said you could hear a pin drop & no one said anything, including the patient.” “She reported the incident to management & — after she got home — posted about it & Dr. Matthew Jung on her private Instagram. She received an email from her union representative saying that she needs to look for another job.” “Lexi was also pulled into a meeting & is suspended without pay indefinitely pending an investigation. Meanwhile, there’s no information on whether or not Dr. Matthew Jung is being reprimanded.” Scott interviewed Lexi by phone and the brave nurse d, “I was deeply sdened over the assassination of Charlie Kirk. It was devastating to hear of the killing of an innocent father and I thought everyone would agree — especially a doctor whose purpose is to save lives.” In a time where personal social ideologies are often celebrated, especially if they align with progressive topics, I simply aimed to stand up for what is right. They tried to shut me up, but they’re not going to.” Lexi has now filed a lawsuit against Englewood Health, Dr. Matthew Jung, and others for religious discrimination. Her lawyer, John Coyle, d, “Englewood Health doctor celebrates and wallows in the murder of Charlie Kirk in front of staff and patients. When a Christian nurse objects–SHE is suspended without pay pending termination.” You can re the full lawsuit here. Scott Pressler is doing amazing work outing vile leftists who are supporting violence against their political opponents. Please make sure to what Scott is uncovering on X here.
