---
id: 43328efbb1bbe450b4b2e687e24b7f3d
title: '‘No Way’: Joe Biden Can’t Find Donors For His Presidential Library'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T13:54:18.405846'
created_at: '2025-09-13T13:54:18.405840'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/no-way-joe-bidens-cant-find-donors-his/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T13:45:35'
---

Joe Biden has set his sights on establishing a presidential library, but he’s confronting a familiar obstacle: no one seems willing to foot the bill.

The Gateway Pundit | by Ben Kew Joe Biden has set his sights on establishing a presidential library, but he’s confronting a familiar obstacle: no one seems willing to foot the bill. According to NBC News , the former president is trying to fundraise for the construction of the Joe Biden Presidential Library, but donors are simply not interested. Their report stated: Former President Joe Biden is running into a problem in his nascent effort to raise money for a presidential library: Donors are checked out. Most of the more than half a dozen people who were once major Biden donors or bundlers who spoke with NBC News said they harbored no ill will toward Biden himself but either wouldn’t give to the library or would give only a token amount. A number of them requested anonymity to speak frankly. They cited a range of factors, from not wanting to make themselves a target of the White House to holding their financial firepower for the party’s future. Some cited personal interactions with Biden’s inner circle as being so distasteful they believed it would be a barrier to ever raising significant funds for the 46th president of the United States. Biden also faces residual anger from the party over his decision to seek a second term despite health issues. Since Franklin D. Roosevelt, every U.S. president has opened a library to showcase their time in office. These libraries hold official records, personal papers, and exhibits designed to shape how future generations view each presidency. The catch is that presidents have to raise the money themselves. Construction is privately funded, usually through donations from wealthy backers and corporate allies, before the library is handed over to the National Archives to run. Successful fundraising has become a key test of how much influence and goodwill a president retains after leaving office. Given that Biden is suffering from prostate cancer that has spre to his bones, the 46th president now faces a race against time to secure the funding for such a project. C Couple that with his disastrous political legacy, and the lihood of seeing a presidential library completed in his lifetime looks increasingly remote.
