---
id: 45e3d6ad7f15389dff86028167ef31c5
title: “Put Them in Prison or Get Them Out of This Country!” – Steve Bannon Goes Off
  on the Radical Left After Charlie Kirk’s Assassination (VIDEO)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T23:44:22.568726'
created_at: '2025-09-13T23:44:22.568454'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/put-them-prison-get-them-this-country-steve/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T23:40:28'
---

War Room’s Steve Bannon had some very strong words over the weekend on the radical left terrorists who are targeting Americans with violence and murder.

“Put Them in Prison or Get Them Out of This Country!" - Steve Bannon Goes Off on the Rical Left After Charlie Kirk's Assassination (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by David Greyson War Room’s Steve Bannon h some very strong words over the weekend on the rical left terrorists who are targeting Americans with violence and murder. He emphasized the importance of getting an accurate timeline of the assassination of Turning Point USA founder Charlie Kirk. Bannon also said that the government needs to be forced into taking action against these people who are involved with political violence and terrorism. He mentioned prison and removing them from the United States as viable options. The video opens with an amazing and peaceful demonstration in the UK with approximately one million people in the streets to honor Charlie Kirk. “Right there, how powerful is all that? Uniting our movements, Charlie Kirk,” Bannon said of the UK citizens in the streets. “We have no confidence in any of the institutions. Even with President Trump, even with ourselves in charge. You don’t know because the deep state is so deep,” Bannon warned on the timeline of the assassination of Kirk. Bannon also ed on the inconsistencies of the location of the gun and how it could have been moved. “He jumped off. There was no gun. They are saying it’s in his backpack,” Bannon ed. He also said that the theory that it was an easy shot from the roof may not be true. “I got some people telling me that well, it’s not that hard of a shot. I got Navy Seals telling me differently,” Bannon said. He also explained the importance of getting an accurate account of the Discord chats. “The Discord company has got to come forward. Discord said flat out they didn’t have these chats. We can’t find them. Maybe they are lying,” Bannon said. “We’ve got to get to the bottom of who pulled the trigger to assassinate Charlie Kirk, but then we got to get deeper than that. Who organized it, who financed it, who’s involved with it. All of it. We are not gonna have another grassy knoll,” Bannon continued. “We owe Charlie Kirk too much to allow that to happen. We owe Charlie Kirk’s children,” Bannon said. Bannon was also highly critical of Utah Governor Cox and called him a clown. “I don’t want to hear anymore Cox. I don’t want to hear any more clown from Utah. A clown and a Trump hater,” Bannon said. Bannon was very direct on what he wanted to do with the rical left in our nation. “Put them in prison or get them out of this country. Force them out of the country. That’s the options,” Bannon said. “We’re gonna force people in the government to take action whether they want to or not,” Bannon warned. Watch:
