---
id: 470c964b9bbd652e6868a7acdd992364
title: 'WATCH: In Powerful First Public Address, Erika Kirk Fires Off Chilling Warning
  to “Evildoers Responsible for my Husband’s Assassination” – “You Have No Idea the
  Fire That You Have Ignited”'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T01:54:18.537626'
created_at: '2025-09-13T01:54:18.537619'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/watch-powerful-first-public-address-erika-kirk-fires/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T01:43:46'
---

Erika Kirk, the wife of Turning Point USA founder Charlie Kirk, addressed the nation for the first time since he was assassinated on Friday, and she gave a chilling warning to those behind his death. She began her speech with a quiet invocation and by thanking law enforcement ...

WATCH: In Powerful First Public dress, Erika Kirk Fires Off Chilling Warning to "Evildoers Responsible for my Husband's Assassination" - "You Have No Idea the Fire That You Have Ignited" | The Gateway Pundit | by Jordan Conrson Erika Kirk, the wife of Turning Point USA founder Charlie Kirk, dressed the nation for the first time since he was assassinated on Friday, and she gave a chilling warning to those behind his death. She began her speech with a quiet invocation and by thanking law enforcement for their work to find Charlie’s killer, giving praise to God and Christ throughout. “One of Charlie’s favorite Bible verses was Ephesians 5 verse 25: Husbands, love your wives as Christ loved the church and gave Himself up for her,” she cried at one point. “My husband laid down his life for me, for our nation, for our children.” Kirk was murdered in a horrific public assassination at Utah Valley University while hosting an event on his “ask me anything” tour on Wednesday. ing a nearly 48-hour manhunt, the shooter was found. 22-year-old Tyler Robinson, who engraved ammunition casings with Antifa slogans, reportedly confessed to his father, who turned him in to authorities. Accused Charlie Kirk Assassin Scheduled to Make First Court Appearance on Tuesday However, Robinson was the only person arrested, despite investigators reporting that he used a Discord server , where he and others appear to have coordinated the assassination. Governor Spencer Cox on Friday announced during a press conference that Robinson h sent messages to his roommate. The messages stated "a need to retrieve a rifle from a drop point, leaving the rifle in a bush, [and] messages related to visually watching the area where a rifle was left, and a message referring to having left the rifle wrapped in a towel," according to Cox. "The messages also referred to engraving bullets and a mention of a scope and the rifle being unique. Messages from the contact, Tyler, also mentioned that he h changed outfits." However, he later told reporters, "We do not at this time have any information that would le to any ditional arrests," and that he believes Robinson acted alone. But Erika Kirk does not believe he acted alone, whether he was driven by leftwing politicians and groups, h accomplices, or powerful backers, and she credited the assassination of her beloved husband multiple "evildoers." Erika warned consequences of Old Testament proportion against these evildoers, stating, "If you thought that my husband's mission was powerful before, you have no idea. You have no idea what you just have unleashed across this entire country and this world. You have no idea." She continued, "You have no idea the fire that you have ignited within this wife. The cries of this widow will echo around the world a battle cry." "To everyone listening tonight across America, the movement my husband built will not die. It won’t. I refuse to let that happen. It will not die. All of us will refuse to let that happen. No one will ever forget my husband's name, and I will make sure of it," Erika Kirk ded. Erika further stated that the mission of Turning Point will continue, including the campus tours, the organization's flagship "America Fest" event in Phoenix, Charlie's rio show, and Charlie's voice. This as many in conservative circles wonder who will be the Kirk, and vultures swarm looking for their opportunity to strike. WATCH: Kirk: He showed the ultimate and true covenantal love. I will never, ever have the words to describe the loss that I feel in my heart. I honestly have no idea what any of this means. I know that God does, but I don't. But Charlie, baby, I know you do too. I know you do. So does our Lord. And our world is filled with evil, but our God, you guys, our God is so good. He's so incredibly good. And we know that for those who love God, all things work together for good for those who are called according to His purpose.Alrey, I have seen the worldwide outpouring of love for my husband. I've heard the testimonies from people my husband inspired to get married, to start families, to seek out a relationship with God. It's the most important, most important one of all. The evildoers responsible for my husband's assassination have no idea what they have done. They killed Charlie because he preached a message of patriotism, faith, and of God's merciful love. But they should all know this, if you thought that my husband's mission was powerful before, you have no idea. You have no idea what you just have unleashed across this entire country and this world. You have no idea. You have no idea the fire that you have ignited within this wife. The cries of this widow will echo around the world a battle cry. To everyone listening tonight across America, the movement my husband built will not die. It won’t. I refuse to let that happen. It will not die. All of us will refuse to let that happen. No one will ever forget my husband's name, and I will make sure of it. It will become stronger, bolder, louder, and greater than ever. My husband's mission will not end, not even for a moment. And one of Charlie's greatest talents was his ability, this phenomenal ability to choose great people to him. He could always find the ones who could handle any setback. And it's almost he knew. He just, he could see it in you. Even when you couldn't see it in yourself, he just knew, he knew you could handle it. You thought you only h 5% left, and he knew you h 15. He knew you were rey to go that extra mile, even when you didn't. He always challenged people around him to work harder and to be better. He never gave up. And I love knowing that one of his mottos was never surrender. So, I want to tell you that we’ll never surrender. We never will ever, ever. Our campus tour this fall will continue. There will be even more tours in the years to come. America Fest, here in Phoenix, this December will go on. It will be greater than ever. The rio and podcast show that he was so proud of will go on, and in a world filled with chaos, doubt and uncertainty, my husband's voice will remain. And it will ring out louder and more clearly than ever, and his wisdom will endure. Watch Erika's entire powerful speech below:
