---
id: 47555ef2f7dd63230766bc4dcaf542da
title: Fight Breaks Out After Far-Left Radical BLM Activist Shouts Profanities in
  Front of Idaho Capitol During Peaceful Charlie Kirk Vigil (VIDEO)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T20:24:22.105985'
created_at: '2025-09-13T20:24:22.105977'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/fight-breaks-after-far-left-radical-blm-activist/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T20:20:54'
---

A peaceful vigil for Charlie Kirk held in front of the Boise State Capitol was interrupted by a violent BLM supporter when he started to shout profanities at the crowd of loving patriots who were there to honor their fallen hero.

Fight Breaks Out After Far-Left Rical BLM Activist Shouts Profanities in Front of Idaho Capitol During Peaceful Charlie Kirk Vigil (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by David Greyson A peaceful vigil for Charlie Kirk held in front of the Boise State Capitol was interrupted by a violent BLM supporter when he started to shout profanities at the crowd of loving patriots who were there to honor their fallen hero. This shows just how depraved the left is in our great country. TPUSA founder Charlie Kirk, 31, was gunned down in bro daylight at an event at Utah Valley University on Wednesday. Kirk’s assassin, Tyler Robinson, 22, was taken into custody on Friday after his own father turned him in to the authorities. Since Charlie Kirk’s assassination, peaceful vigils have been held worldwide. On Wednesday evening, a fight broke out in Boise, Idaho, after a far-left BLM activist shouted profanities at a crowd holding a vigil for Charlie Kirk. Local agitator and BLM activist Terry Wilson, 41, shouted profanities at the crowd mourning Charlie Kirk. The outburst escalated tensions when one of the attendees, Alfonso Ayala, 51, confronted Wilson. The exchange became more heated, which resulted in a fight. Wilson was knocked to the ground, hit, and kicked. He then got up and punched Ayala. Some people were chanting “USA, USA,” while others were telling them to stop. The fight was eventually broken up by the police, and both men were arrested. Officers found a firearm and marijuana in Wilson’s possession. He is looking at potential misdemeanor charges for carrying a concealed weapon while under the influence of marijuana, possession, and disturbing the peace. According to the Boise Police Department, Wilson has a history of arrests, including vandalism. Fox News Reported : A massive fight broke out during a vigil held for Charlie Kirk, the 31-year-old political activist who was assassinated during an event at Utah Valley University on Wednesday, according to video of the incident. The brawl erupted in front of the Idaho state Capitol in Boise the evening of Kirk’s killing, local reports said. A man wearing a white T-shirt and rainbow-colored backpack reportedly shouted “F— Charlie Kirk” into the crowd while on a Lime bike, sparking outrage among attendees. Watch:
