---
id: 4e7f9947dcd29170cdcdd0f6e4bf78af
title: 'DISGUSTING: X News Tab Features Trending Story that “FELLOW CONSERVATIVE”
  is to Blame for Charlie Kirk Assassination After Shooter Revealed to be Leftwing
  ANTIFA Terrorist'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T17:14:19.256875'
created_at: '2025-09-13T17:14:19.256869'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/disgusting-x-news-tab-features-trending-story-that/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T17:00:07'
---

The leftwing disinformation that Charlie Kirk’s shooter was a “fellow conservative” is rapidly taking over among brain-dead individuals and is now being fueled by Elon Musk’s X platform. Many on the X platform noticed this morning that their “for you” page and the “news” secti...

DISGUSTING: X News Tab Features Story that "FELLOW CONSERVATIVE" is to Blame for Charlie Kirk Assassination After Shooter Revealed to be Leftwing ANTIFA Terrorist | The Gateway Pundit | by Jordan Conrson The leftwing disinformation that Charlie Kirk’s shooter was a “fellow conservative” is rapidly taking over among brain-de individuals and is now being fueled by Elon Musk’s X platform. Many on the X platform noticed this morning that their “for you” page and the “news” section of the explor page featured a heline at the top that res, “Charlie Kirk Fatally Shot by Fellow Conservative at Utah University Event.” Gateway Pundit contributor Cassandra MacDonald highlighted the heline in the News section of X’s explore page with millions of posts. The heline has since been replaced by a collection of Tweet’s about Erika Kirk’s powerful and heartbreaking response to the death of her husband on Friday night. Holy crap it’s real. https://t.co/OGEXrp92vH pic.twitter.com/skBgqJY7xK — Cassandra MacDonald (@CassandraRules) September 13, 2025 This comes after MSNBC’s wicked live coverage of Charlie Kirk’s assassination on Wednesday, where host Katy Tur immediately decried Charlie as “divisive” and “polarizing,” while saying the Trump ministration was probably going to use the incident as “justification for something.” She further compared the murder of a political leer to that of former DOGE employee Edward Coristine, as she put it, being “allegedly attacked,” which, in part, spurred Trump to take over Washington, DC. Now-fired political analyst Matthew Dowd was the first to imply that Kirk was shot by a supporter “shooting off his gun in support.” NEW LOW: Katy Tur’s MSNBC Guest Downplays Charlie Kirk Shooting, Blames Conservatives – “We Don’t Know if This was a Supporter Shooting off His Gun in Celebration” (VIDEO) But as expected, the shooter, 22-year-old Tyler Robinson, h ammunition casings engraved with transgender and Antifa slogans. The Guardian later reported "Suspect's high school classmate says Robinson was the only 'leftist' in a family of 'very hard' Republicans." They then retracted the story because the "verified source" clarified that "they could not accurately remember details of their relationship." It was then revealed this morning that Robinson lived with his romantic partner, who is a male transitioning to a female, The Gateway Pundit reported . The male partner is now cooperating with the FBI. Leftist RINO Utah Governor Spencer Cox, despite failing to condemn the rical ideology, told reporters during a press conference on Friday that a family member of Robinson told investigators that he "h become more political in recent years" and that Robinson "didn't [Charlie Kirk] and the viewpoints that he h." He further described the engravings on the ammo casings as saying, "hey, fascist!", "Oh, Bella Ciao, Bella Ciao, Bella Ciao, ciao, ciao," and "if you re this, you are gay, LMAO," which are similar to some of the markings left by the deranged transgender. "Oh, Bella Ciao," refers to the Italian anti-fascist folk song, "Bella Ciao," a rallying song used by Antifa due to its history as an anti-Fascist anthem. Regardless, many leftists, including paid propagandist Harry Sisson, absurdly lied, attacking MAGA and claiming after these revelations that he was ly a young Republican, who "found himself too deep in internet culture, going down those dark rabbit holes and becoming crazy." The Charlie Kirk shooter isn’t trans, an immigrant, or any of the labels MAGA assigned him before his arrest. He ly got ricalized online. No idea whether it’s left or right and neither do you. pic.twitter.com/q3wqhd31o5 — Harry Sisson (@harryjsisson) September 12, 2025 This was ed by Abby Phillips pushing the narrative that Tyler Robinson could have been a Groyper, a term used to describe right-wing streamer and America First PAC founder Nick Fuentes's ers. Fuentes, who faced his own assassination attempt in December, has ly feuded with Charlie Kirk and many on the right for not being as far to the right as he is, but he has strongly condemned the murder of Charlie Kirk, calling for Americans to pray for his family and the country. CNN correspondent Elle Reeve accurately explained that people are inaccurately trying to "tie this shooter to the Groypers." WATCH: Fuentes also highlighted the fringe narrative that right-wingers are to blame for Kirk's murder, noting that "after the Left gunned him down, they celebrated and justified it. They said I was . Now they are blaming me." My ers and I are currently being framed for the murder of Charlie Kirk by the mainstream media based on literally zero evidence. After the Left gunned him down, they celebrated and justified it. They said I was . Now they are blaming me. These people are pure evil. pic.twitter.com/WRQdt7G3Dp — Nicholas J. Fuentes (@NickJFuentes) September 13, 2025
