---
id: 5e48f157ab22a1c793bb51387d978b32
title: New Jersey and Los Angeles Defy President Trump’s Order to Fly Flags at Half-Staff
  in the Wake of Charlie Kirk Assassination – Washington State Gov Honors Minnesota
  Democrats Killed in June in Half-Staff Order
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T19:44:29.630338'
created_at: '2025-09-13T19:44:29.630332'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/new-jersey-los-angeles-defy-president-trumps-order/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T19:40:20'
---

On Wednesday, the White House and most public grounds across the nation lowered US flags to half-staff in honor and mourning for Charlie Kirk, the 31-year-old founder of Turning Point USA, who was viciously murdered by a leftist assassin that afternoon. The President of the Un...

New Jersey and Los Angeles Defy President Trump's Order to Fly Flags at Half-Staff in the Wake of Charlie Kirk Assassination - Washington State Gov Honors Minnesota Democrats Killed in June in Half-Staff Order | The Gateway Pundit | by Jordan Conrson On Wednesday, the White House and most public grounds across the nation lowered US flags to half-staff in honor and mourning for Charlie Kirk, the 31-year-old founder of Turning Point USA, who was viciously murdered by a leftist assassin that afternoon. The President of the United States signed a proclamation honoring the life of Charlie Kirk and ordering all US flags to be flown at half-staff from September 10 until sunset on September 14. JUST IN: President Trump Signs Proclamation Honoring the Memory of Charlie Kirk – Orders Flags to be Flown at Half-Staff But as liberal activists and scummy media figures downplayed or celebrated the assassination of Charlie Kirk, some Democrat led cities and counties chose to defy the President in violation of the US Flag Code. The US Flag Code is not legally enforceable at the federal level and is used as a code of conduct or etiquette, but this should show the world where these leers stand on political violence-- at least towards one side. Social media users revealed that at least two jurisdictions, Los Angeles and the state of New Jersey, are refusing to obey the President's orders, and the decision is obviously political in nature. Democratic Washington Governor Bob Ferguson politicized the directive, writing in an order to state agencies that in dition to Charlie Kirk, "I am also directing that the flags be lowered in memory of all victims of political violence, including Minnesota House Speaker Melissa Hortman and her husband, Mark, who were assassinated June 14, 2025, as well as Minnesota Sen. John Hoffman and his wife, Yvette, who were seriously injured in an attempted assassination the same day." Ferguson h the power to do this in June but chose to wait until now. NEW: On September 8th, WA Gov Bob Ferguson sent out a directive for flags to be flown at half staff for the 9/11 anniversary Yesterday, after President Trump's order to lower flags at half mast for Charlie Kirk, Ferguson ded the order is also for Democrats killed in June… pic.twitter.com/IT9NcZ7FI7 — Ari Hoffman (@thehoffather) September 11, 2025 Mayor Karen Bass, the rical leer of Los Angeles, has apparently not required city agencies to the rule. An internal memo from the Los Angeles Fire Department res, All City flags shall be displayed on department facilities at full staff from 0800 hours to 1700 hours each day. Flags shall remain raised to full staff each day and should not be lowered to half-staff unless directed by the Mayor. Dear @MayorOfLA , I’m confident this is a mistake. Thanks for resolving and sending out new notice. I’m sure @GavinNewsom agrees. pic.twitter.com/M04BDXna7J — Marcus Lemonis (@marcuslemonis) September 13, 2025 wise, Bergen County, New Jersey, led by Democrats, was discovered on Friday to be flying flags on its government buildings at full-staff. In a Facebook post , the County Bergen County’s policy is to the State of New Jersey’s daily flag status," which was and still states, "All Flags Full-Staff." Apparently, Democratic Governor Phil Murphy did not see President Trump's directive as appropriate. Via conservative activist Michael Casey: Bergen County New Jersey REFUSING to fly flags at half mast to honor Charlie Kirk The President ordered flags to be flown at half mast until Sunday. Not to mention it’s the day after 9/11 Bergen County, which is entirely controlled by DEMOCRATS, are flying it full mast at county government buildings They hate YOU and America Bergen County New Jersey REFUSING to fly flags at half mast to honor Charlie Kirk The President ordered flags to be flown at half mast until Sunday. Not to mention it’s the day after 9/11 Bergen County, which is entirely controlled by DEMOCRATS, are flying it full mast at… pic.twitter.com/ZryXlkG9Xi — Michael Casey (@MichaelCasey_) September 12, 2025
