---
id: 6533cedbc01a58b0dfcfe07df9396af1
title: 'NEW: Kirk Assassin Tyler Robinson on “Special Watch” in Utah County Jail After
  He Threatened to Kill Himself'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T23:24:21.912480'
created_at: '2025-09-13T23:24:21.912394'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/new-kirk-assassin-tyler-robinson-special-watch-utah/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T23:20:16'
---

Charlie Kirk’s assassin Tyler Robinson is on “special watch” in the Utah County Jail while he is being evaluated to determine if he is a risk to himself, CBS News reported.

NEW: Kirk Assassin Tyler Robinson on "Special Watch" in Utah County Jail After He Threatened to Kill Himself | The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila Charlie Kirk’s assassin Tyler Robinson is on “special watch” in the Utah County Jail while he is being evaluated to determine if he is a risk to himself, CBS News reported. According to The New York Post , Tyler Robinson threatened to take his own life rather than turn himself in. Robinson is now on “special watch” in jail. NEW: Via @cbsnews Tyler Robinson is currently on "special watch" at the Utah County Jail while he is being evaluated to determine if he is a risk to himself or others — Scott MacFarlane (@MacFarlaneNews) September 13, 2025 Tyler Robinson, 22, was taken into custody on Friday morning after his father confronted him about the murder. Charlie Kirk was murdered in cold blood on Wednesday at an event at Utah Valley University after Robinson opened fire from an elevated position from a rooftop. Robinson’s father, a veteran police officer, confronted him after Utah authorities released new photos of the suspect on Thursday. According to the probable cause affidavit , a family member of Tyler Robinson reached out to a family friend who contacted the Washington County Sheriff’s Office with information that Robinson h confessed to the murder. Authorities tracked Robinson walking across a grassy area north of Campus Drive at 11:50 am, approximately 23 minutes before he assassinated Kirk. Robinson was also captured on surveillance video running across the rooftop of the Losee Center building at 12:23 – seconds after he shot Kirk. On Saturday it was reported that Robinson lived with his transgender lover, Lance Twiggs.
