---
id: 70488473cb52a8b03dfee9ea8cfcd50e
title: 'WATCH: FEMA Official Caught on Undercover Video Laughing About Assassination
  of Charlie Kirk, Says He “Kind of Deserved It” – Update He’s FIRED!'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T01:34:18.344019'
created_at: '2025-09-13T01:34:18.343821'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/watch-fema-official-caught-undercover-video-laughing-about/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T01:15:23'
---

The O’Keefe Media Group on Friday released undercover video of a FEMA official laughing about the assassination of Charlie Kirk.

WATCH: FEMA Official Caught on Undercover Video Laughing About Assassination of Charlie Kirk, Says He "Kind of Deserved It" - Update He's FIRED! | The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila The O’Keefe Media Group on Friday released undercover video of a FEMA official laughing about the assassination of Charlie Kirk. FEMA Section Chief Sean Kelly laughed as he said Charlie Kirk “kind of deserved it.” Conservative political activist and TPUSA founder was gunned down in cold blood this week during an event at Utah Valley University. Kirk left behind a beautiful wife and two young children and the DEMA official said he deserved it. “, he’s [Charlie] a f*cking lunatic and awful, and kind of deserves in in his own way,” Sean Kelly said. “So how does FEMA feel about, feel about Charlie Kirk getting shot?” the OMG undercover journalist asked Sean Kelly. Sean Kelly replied, “Uh, everybody is kind of laughing.” WATCH: FEMA SECTION CHIEF: Charlie Kirk "Kind of Deserved It" — O'Keefe Media Records Top Official at Federal Agency Laughing About Assassination of Conservative ator An official with the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), was caught on hidden camera laughing about the… pic.twitter.com/eN8vRbXuUd — James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) September 12, 2025 Update: A DHS spokesperson told O’Keefe that Sean Kelly is being terminated. SENIOR DHS SPOKESPERSON TO O'KEEFE MEDIA: “He [Sean C. Kelly] is being terminated” https://t.co/V3gf7qCcvI — James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) September 13, 2025
