---
id: 712941c517296120bbfb900619847aa4
title: 'UPDATE: Office Depot Corporate Responds and Gen Manager Leaves Voicemail For
  Teen Organizer of Charlie Kirk Prayer Vigil After Employees Refused To Print “Propaganda”
  Posters For Them: “Uh, Understand we had um, a print job…”'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T12:34:18.606434'
created_at: '2025-09-13T12:34:18.606427'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/update-office-depot-corporate-responds-gen-manager-leaves/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T12:30:10'
---

Earlier tonight, the Gateway Pundit spoke with Republican Kelly Sackett, who told us about a shocking incident involving 3 teenagers who paid in advance for posters they planned to use at a Charlie Kirk prayer vigil.

UPDATE: Office Depot Corporate Responds and Gen Manager Leaves Voicemail For Teen Organizer of Charlie Kirk Prayer Vigil After Employees Refused To Print "Propaganda" Posters For Them: "Uh, Understand we h um, a print job..." | The Gateway Pundit | by Patty McMurray Earlier tonight, the Gateway Pundit spoke with Republican Kelly Sackett , who told us about a shocking incident involving 3 teenagers who paid in vance for posters they planned to use at a Charlie Kirk prayer vigil. What happened when they attempted to pick up the posters was shocking. Three teenagers drove to Office Depot to pick up posters for a Charlie Kirk prayer vigil they were helping to organize.e When they arrived at the Office Depot, a supervisor and manager arrogantly informed them that their posters weren’t printed and that they were not going to be printed by them. When the teenage boys asked, “Why?” the Office Depot manager told them, “We don’t print propaganda!” “So, we came in for an order earlier— for—to print a poster for a vigil tonight, for somebody that passed,” one of the boys can be heard saying, “Yeah, so we don’t print propaganda,” the female/male? supervisor tells him. “It’s not—” the teenager tried to explain, but the manager interrupts him, saying, “It’s propaganda! I’m sorry. We don’t print that here!” The teenage boy asks the two ult Office Depot employees, “What’s your name?” to which the male employee responds, “I’m (unintelligible), I’m the print supervisor.” The female/male? Office Depot employee replies, “I’m one of the managers. So, unfortunately, we do not print—” Here is a copy of the receipt for the Charlie Kirk prayer vigil posters that were paid for in vance: “Okay, so you say you don’t print propaganda, but this is for somebody who passed away a couple of years [days] ago,” the teenager explains. “That’s political propaganda, unfortunately.” The teenager desperately tries to explain that the posters are for a vigil tonight. “What makes it political propaganda? one of the teenagers can be heard asking. “Because it’s political propaganda, and we don’t have to—” the female/male? manager explains. The print supervisor interrupts to tell the teenagers who are helping to host a prayer vigil tonight that they can always come back on Monday and talk to their general manager, telling them, “You’re welcome to return.” Watch the stunning exchange here: Outrageous: Office Depot supervisor and manager at Westnedge, Portage, MI, refuse to print posters for 3 teens hosting a Charlie Kirk prayer vigil. pic.twitter.com/lJ8pZzNKOM — The Gateway Pundit (@gatewaypundit) September 13, 2025 “James,” an Office Depot store manager, reached out by phone to one of the teenagers who was refused service by one of their supervisors and a manager at the Portage, Michigan, store. In his voicemail (transcript below), the manager said: Good afternoon, James. This is Justin from Opskeepo [the Office Depot], uh, store manager in the Portage location that you visited uh, earlier this afternoon. Just wanted to reach out to you and let you know that uh I am happy to get you taken care of in any way possible. Um, understand we uh, h a print job that we didn’t do for you and just wanna make sure that I’m here if you need something printed we got you so, um, please feel free to reach out to me, 269-XXX-XXX. Have a good night. Unfortunately, the message from the Office Depot store came a little late, since when he called the teen, he was alrey attending the prayer vigil for Charlie Kirk. Only moments ago, Office Depot corporate d a post on “X,” apologizing for the behavior of one of their employees. In their post, they say they say “ the associate involved is no longer with the organization.” Why weren’t BOTH of them fired, since they appeared to be working as a team to refuse service to the teenagers? We are deeply concerned by the incident that occurred at Store 3382 in Portage, Michigan. The behavior displayed by our associate is completely unacceptable and insensitive, violates our company policies, and does not reflect the values we uphold at Office Depot. We sincerely apologize to the customer affected and to our community for this regrettable situation. Upon learning of the incident, we immediately reached out to the customer to dress their concerns and seek to fulfill their order to their satisfaction. We also launched an immediate internal review and, as a result, the associate involved is no longer with the organization. We are committed to reinforcing training with all team members to ensure our standards of respect, integrity, and customer service are upheld at every location. Our customers and communities deserve nothing less.
