---
id: 736d14796444177eec1fbe1d70bd443b
title: '‘WE F-CKING DID IT’: X User Connected to Tyler Robinson’s Alleged Boyfriend
  Celebrated Charlie Kirk’s Death in the Moments After Shooting'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T22:44:22.222820'
created_at: '2025-09-13T22:44:22.222772'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/we-f-cking-did-it-transgender-connected-tyler/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T22:40:39'
---

A social media user followed by Tyler Robinson’s alleged boyfriend on TikTok, posted “WE F-CKING DID IT” moments after Charlie Kirk was shot.

'WE F-CKING DID IT': X User Connected to Tyler Robinson's Alleged Boyfriend Celebrated Charlie Kirk's Death in the Moments After Shooting | The Gateway Pundit | by Cassandra MacDonald A social media user ed by Tyler Robinson’s alleged boyfriend on TikTok, posted “WE F-CKING DID IT” moments after Charlie Kirk was shot. Robinson is the 22-year-old accused of assassinating conservative icon Charlie Kirk during an event at Utah Valley University on Wednesday. BREAKING: The roommate of Charlie Kirk’s assassin, Tyler Robinson, has been identified as 22-year-old Lance Twiggs. A Furry pic.twitter.com/tio6i64pf5 — Joni Job (@jj_talking) September 13, 2025 It has been reported by multiple outlets that Robinson, who grew up in a conservative Utah family, lived with a transgender partner named Lance Twiggs at the time of the shooting. Twiggs goes by “Lance Lotte” on most social media platforms. Activity on his social media accounts ranges from him appearing to be a typical teenager or young ult on Facebook several years ago, to very dark recent posts in wild transgender fetish communities on Reddit and X. How did Lance Twiggs get ricalized and turn transgender within 2-3 years? Her mother’s Facebook page has him basically gone after 2022. Unreal pic.twitter.com/QDCo8eqeBa — Harry Bosch (@HarryB0sch) September 13, 2025 One of just a few users who was ing and was ed by Twiggs on X h just 195 ers and used the name “Churbum75m.” In parentheses, his name re “SAW TYLER ON JUNE 30.” This ly refers to Tyler, the Creator, who performed in Chicago on June 30, given his handle. “Chur Bum” is the name of the protagonist of Tyler, the Creator’s album “CHERRY BOMB,” though it is especially eerie given that it is also the name of the man arrested for Kirk’s murder. Same transgender that was friends with Tyler’s gay transgender boyfriend posted “WE FUCKING DID IT” moments after Charlie’s death. @FBI https://t.co/AlX6Mx4pPY pic.twitter.com/Zk7KiRiMjz — Aesthetica (@Anc_Aesthetics) September 13, 2025 A transgender that Tyler Robinson’s boyfriend s on tik tok celebrating Charlie’s murder. This person goes by “churbum75m” on tik tok Were they involved? pic.twitter.com/AiLbLcPEti — Aesthetica (@Anc_Aesthetics) September 13, 2025 In a second post by the person ed by Twiggs, the user responded to the initial report from the Associated Press that Kirk was being treated at the hospital in critical condition with: “LET IT DIE. LET IT DIE.” The user has since denied involvement in the murder plot and claims he was just making “immature jokes.” We are just telling the truth. If you wanna hate on me for making some immature jokes, then keep them to yoursel. — churbum75m (SAW TYLER JUNE 30) (@churbum75m) September 13, 2025 In response to another user he ded, “I’m not friends with the killers roommate. The reason why I was ing and supporting them because they look a nice person to talk to. The thing that happened on June 30 is that I went to see Tyler the creator perform in Chicago, IL.” Another X user h posted, “Charlie Kirk is coming to my college tomorrow i rlly hope someone evaporates him literally.” In a -up post hours later, they wrote, “Let’s just say something big will happen tomorrow,” with a photo of a dog that appears to be grinning. Seems they were all in on it. pic.twitter.com/KUBrQKO1E3 — Freedom Speecher (@SpeecherFreedom) September 13, 2025 These two posters, in particular, have led many social media users to speculate whether there was a large group of transgender people who were aware of the plan. On Reddit, Twiggs’ own activity gets very strange. He was highly active in transgender subreddits, discussing everything from how he was being sent s for schizophrenia medication to how to inject HRT. pic.twitter.com/RBgKogM2Fi — L (@SomeBitchIIKnow) September 13, 2025 “I have been getting treatments for schizophrenia, bpd, and a brain tumor recently by my social media s,” Twiggs wrote. He also discussed being kicked out of his house when he was a minor and told that he was possessed by demons, which he deemed to be “spiritual abuse.” Cutting off family story. pic.twitter.com/ls0iEVjeFZ — L (@SomeBitchIIKnow) September 13, 2025 On Instagram, Twiggs’ private account bio states that he is a “Friendly neighborhood licensed fish finder.” Laura Loomer reported on X, “In the trans community, especially among trans women, ‘fish’ is a slang term that refers to trans women and drag queens who pass well as ‘women.'” This is the Instagram account that belongs to Lance Twiggs, the transgender furry boyfriend of Tyler Robinson, the man who murdered Charlie Kirk. His bio says “Friendly neighborhood licensed fish finder”. In the trans community, especially among trans women, “fish” is a slang… pic.twitter.com/s2zTYQ3UND — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) September 13, 2025 This is a developing story. None of the people mentioned in this story has been charged with a crime at this time and is presumed innocent until proven guilty. The Gateway Pundit has reached out to all friends and relatives of Twiggs on Facebook for . The Gateway Pundit will continue to provide updates as information becomes available.
