---
id: 82766fc9c4bdbaef31f3761b1773e38c
title: 'EXCLUSIVE: Michigan Fed Ex Manager Prints Charlie Kirk Prayer Vigil Posters
  for FREE After Office Depot Refused To Print Them For Teen Organizers [VIDEO]'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T18:34:57.068826'
created_at: '2025-09-13T18:34:57.068819'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/exclusive-michigan-fed-ex-manager-prints-charlie-kirk/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T18:20:28'
---

The prayer vigil for Charlie Kirk in Portage, MI, last night, organized by 3 local teenagers, was a success, despite attempts by employees in supervisory roles, working at the local Office Depot, to harm their efforts.

The Gateway Pundit | by Patty McMurray The prayer vigil for Charlie Kirk in Portage, MI, last night, organized by 3 local teenagers, was a success, despite attempts by employees in supervisory roles, working at the local Office Depot, to harm their efforts. The Gateway Pundit spoke exclusively with Kalamazoo Republican Party Youth Chair Dayne Webb after the incident happened to get his thoughts on the self-identified “Print Supervisor” and “Manager” who refused to print posters they h alrey paid for that featured a black and white image of Charlie Kirk with his date of birth and the date on which he was assassinated. Here’s the video of the incident we received from one of the ult organizers, Kelly Sackett: After the Gateway Pundit wrote about the incident, Office Depot posted a statement apologizing and letting their customers know that ONE of the employees h been fired. Anyone watching the video can clearly see that BOTH of the Office Depot employees were bullying and mocking the young organizers. Why was only one of them fired, we asked. Shortly after I posted my , Office Depot turned off s to all of the posts on their X account, except for the note about firing the one employee. While some of the young organizers have chosen not to speak with the media, Kalamazoo Republican Party Youth Chair Dayne Webb agreed to speak with the Gateway Pundit about his experience. FedEx stepped in to help the young organizers print their posters before the start of the event: Dayne explained to us that one of the organizers knew someone who worked at the local FedEx store, so after Office Depot refused to print their “political propaganda” posters, they attempted to get the posters printed at the Portage FedEx store. To their surprise, not only did FedEx agree to print their posters, but they gave the posters to the teenagers for FREE. The young chair of the Kalamazoo Republican Party d a beautiful story with us about the young woman who helped them when they picked up the posters. According to Dayne, she d with them that she is currently a college student and that Charlie Kirk has helped her become confident in herself and become closer to God. She also told the three brave organizers that she was “proud to fulfill their order.” The beautiful poster printed by FedEx that the Office Depot employee called “propaganda” can be seen on the steps with the organizers in the photo below, which was d with me by Dayne Webb. The Republican Party of Kalamazoo also posted photos on their Facebook page and wrote about the organizers and the groups who they represented at the vigil. Leer Dayne Webb (in back), Kalamazoo Young Republicans leer, James Asher, and Turning Point Action Field Director for Southwest Michigan Miguel Pilar (right) Dayne Webb, the Youth Chair of the Kalamazoo County Republican Party and le organizer of the prayer vigil, spoke eloquently to the crowd of Charlie Kirk mourners who attended the event. “It is upon all of us to be that light,” Webb told the crowd, ding, “The truth only gets washed away when we stop speaking it!” The Kalamazoo Republican Party Youth Chair also re aloud a statement from Turning Point USA about the death of their founder. Here is a clip of Dayne reing the statement to a crowd of between 75 and 100 people of all ages. God bless these young patriots. If they are the future of this great nation, we can be assured that this evil tide that’s washed over our college campuses and public education system has a very good chance of being destroyed by the light they’re shining on them, as the fight continues to root out evil from these institutions.
