---
id: a49540568f2516abdd4c20f6b29c66a1
title: 'GOING DOWN: Ukrainian Sources Confirm That Russian Forces Advancing on Kupyansk
  Are Using Underground Pipeline to Move Troops and Equipment (VIDEOS)'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T19:44:40.012898'
created_at: '2025-09-13T19:44:40.012891'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/going-down-ukrainian-sources-confirm-that-russian-forces/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T19:00:48'
---

The war continues on the air, on land, on the black sea… and beneath the ground.

GOING DOWN: Ukrainian Sources Confirm That Russian Forces vancing on Kupyansk Are Using Underground Pipeline to Move Troops and Equipment (VIDEOS) | The Gateway Pundit | by Paul Serran The war continues on the air, on land, on the black sea… and beneath the ground. A few days ago, the Kremlin’s spokesman Dmitry Peskov said what everyone alrey knows: the peace process between Russia and Ukraine is completely stopped. In the meantime, Russian forces continue to apply pressure all over the front, with the undermanned and under-equipped Ukrainian defenses doing their best to stop them. In the northern Kharkov region, the critical stronghold and railway hub of Kupyansk is at play now, with Russian troops preparing to cross the Oskol River, while increased pressure is applied to the defender positions to the north of the city. Work of the Russian Armed Forces aviation in the Kupyansk direction. The video shows a powerful FAB-3000 landing from the UMPK on the 43rd separate separate brige of the Ukrainian Armed Forces in the village of Kurilovka. pic.twitter.com/IwEAkwQPS4 — King Chelsea Ug (@ug_chelsea) September 9, 2025 But the most distinctive part of the offensive operations so far is the fact that Russian forces have once again used a tunnel to vance deep into enemy positions. The first time this tactic was used in this war was in Donetsk city of Avdeevka, the second time near Sudzha during the liberation of the Kursk region, and now, Russians have laid an entire underground artery starting from Pervyi Lyman. Attackers move along the pipeline on electric scooters and stretchers. The underground tunnel includes rest areas and supply points, because the journey to Kupyansk takes about four days (!). ⚡ The Russian army has once again used a tunnel to vance deep into enemy positions According to Ukrainian sources, Russian Armed Forces soldiers have laid an entire underground artery starting from First Lyman. They move along it on electric scooters and stretchers. The… pic.twitter.com/kfIen9y5AX — Zlatti71 (@Zlatti_71) September 12, 2025 WATCH: The view inside the underground tunnel. Here is the view inside the underground tunnels. The fighters push each other on carts and make their way forward. “There is no end or limit” Slavyangr pic.twitter.com/0bva9QAhta — Beate Landefeld (@BeateLandefeld) September 13, 2025 Now, while this may sound another piece of Russian propaganda, the underground vances were reported on by the respected Ukrainian Telegram channel ‘Deep State’, that has grown to be a fairly reliable news source. They write: “The Russians have built an entire logistical artery. The entrances to the pipe are located in the area of Pervyi Lyman. Specially designed wheeled beds and electric scooters, where height is allowed, are used for movement inside the pipe. The route to the vicinity of Kupyansk takes about 4 days, so special rest areas and food supplies have been me along the way. Thus, organized enemy groups reach Rkivka without serious losses, then move south into the controlled forest. After that, they disperse in Kupyansk and reach the railway. Tomorrow some speaker will try to deny this, calling the groups unorganized and small in number, but in Kupyansk itself there are alrey positions for Russian pilots to take off.” ⚡️ BREAKING & UNUSUAL: A massive new blow to Zelensky and the West! Russian Armed Forces have infiltrated Kupyansk through a gas pipeline, marking the third time this unorthodox tactic has been used—after Avdiivka and near Sudzha. Ukrainian sources confirm: entry point is at… pic.twitter.com/NK6t0xOV — RussiaNews (@mog_russEN) September 12, 2025 Here’s a Russian cartoon making fun of themselves, with top General Gerasimov sending a soldier underground: Re more: INSANE: Russian Commandos Move Troops and Equipment Across 7 Miles of PIPELINE, Emerge in the Ukrainian Defenders’ Rear in a Breakthrough in the Ongoing Liberation of Kursk
