---
id: b74c42c852ef0d1ab396e5e5eaa1b28c
title: Vox Website Urges Readers to Be ‘Honest’ About Charlie Kirk’s Death — Warns
  Tributes Whitewash His Far-Right Extremism
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T12:14:18.343174'
created_at: '2025-09-13T12:14:18.343167'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/vox-website-urges-readers-be-honest-about-charlie/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T12:00:19'
---

The sickos over at Vox magazine are urging Democrats to be “honest” about the life, legacy, and death of Charlie Kirk.

Vox Website Urges Reers to Be ‘Honest’ About Charlie Kirk’s Death - Warns Tributes Whitewash His Far-Right Extremism | The Gateway Pundit | by Ben Kew The sickos over at Vox magazine are urging Democrats to be “honest” about the life, legacy, and death of Charlie Kirk. Tributes continue to pour in from around the world for the political activist, who was brutally assassinated while hosting an event at Utah Valley University in Orem. Vox’s senior correspondent Zach Beauchamp published an article on Friday entitled “Let’s be honest about Charlie Kirk’s life — and death.” Needless to say, the article portrayed Kirk as a far-right extremist who h irreparably damaged American democracy. The other side argues that this portrayal leaves out crucial context. Kirk’s political activities, they argue, were often destructive of the democratic process he’s been suggested to embody. He wasn’t just a guy who went around debating, but a plugged-in political operative close to the Trump White House who actively extremism. Mourning him uncritically whitewashes his role in the degration of our politics. Kirk vehemently defended Trump’s “big lie” about the 2020 election and sent seven buses of activists to the January 6 rally that culminated in the storming of the Capitol. His organization, Turning Point USA, maintained a “professor watch list” designed to chill left-wing speech on campus and lionized vigilante killer Kyle Rittenhouse. He endorsed authoritarian policies, demonized his political opponents, and said a tremendous amount of objectively bigoted stuff — warning of “prowling Blacks [who] go around for fun to go target white people” or that “Islam is the sword the left is using to slit the throat of America.” We can hold two thoughts in our he at the same time. https://t.co/7rwUWQvG0x — Vox (@voxdotcom) September 12, 2025 While Beauchamp unequivocally condemns the killing, he essentially wants people to downplay his senseless murder and focus on the bigotry he believes Kirk stood for. Yet as the reality of his murder begins to sink in, conservatives across America and the wider world are now reflecting on his extraordinary legacy. There are few people in the world who did as much as Charlie Kirk to promote the cause of conservatism and ensure the return of President Donald Trump to the White House. Words cannot describe the nightmare of a day our entire staff, activists and supporters at @TPUSA & @TPAction_ have endured over the past 24 hours. It has been uplifting to see the hundreds of thousands of messages, notes and s with the resolve to carry on Charlie’s… pic.twitter.com/CGEDRMFinY — Tyler Bowyer (@tylerbowyer) September 11, 2025 Charlie Kirk’s Legacy: Young People Powerful Stories of His Impact and Tremendous Legacy “Be Bold”
