---
id: badb33366c7adeb74f8f1ab669419680
title: 'WATCH LIVE: 1 MILLION Patriots Flood London to Honor Charlie Kirk at ‘Unite
  the Kingdom’'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T15:34:23.626974'
created_at: '2025-09-13T15:34:23.626965'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/watch-live-1-million-patriots-flood-london-honor/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T15:15:17'
---

History in the making: 1 million patriots are marching in London (Gateway Pundit reported) at Tommy Robinson’s fifth “Unite the Kingdom” Rally.

WATCH LIVE: 1 MILLION Patriots Flood London to Honor Charlie Kirk at 'Unite the Kingdom' | The Gateway Pundit | by Collin McMahon History in the making: 1 million patriots are marching in London ( Gateway Pundit reported ) at Tommy Robinson’s fifth “Unite the Kingdom” Rally. Over 1 million people are currently watching the livestream. THE UK’s LARGEST FREE SPEECH FESTIVAL – UNITING THE KINGDOM https://t.co/VjHYVFr422 — Tommy Robinson (@TRobinsonNewEra) September 13, 2025 Speakers so far have included actor Lawrence Fox, journalist Avi Yemeni from Australia, rape victim and journalist Sammy Woodhouse, activist Liam Tufts, Dutch journalist Eva Vlaardingerbroek, Irish actor Terry McMahon ( Batman Begins ), Danish People’s Party leer Morten Messerschmitt, and French former presidential candidate Éric Zemmour. Upcoming speakers include US singer Don Keith, Polish MEP Dominik Tarczynski, and German MEP Petr Bystron amd UK firebrand Katie Hopkins. A troop of Maori warriors from New Zealand who recently protested against rical Islam performed their Haka dance “for freedom and liberty” in honor of slain patriot hero Charlie Kirk. BREAKING: Māori Christians from New Zealand perform a powerful Haka in Central London to honor Charlie Kirk. His influence was truly worldwide. pic.twitter.com/HkXCisnfs9 — David J Harris Jr (@DavidJHarrisJr) September 12, 2025 Eva Vlaardingerbroek proclaimed “Generation Remigration”. Actor Terry McMahon unfurled an Irish flag with the Irish declaration of Indepedence 1917, remarking that “Irish and British are brothers.” “The French people know they can count on you when our freedom is in danger”, French Reconquest party leer Éric Zemmour said. “We are both subject to the same Replacement. We are being colonized by the people of our former colonies. We do not want to become a minority on our own soil.” “Today, we are all Charlie Kirk”, Danish People’s Party leer Morten Messerschmitt said.
