---
id: bbe32a692f2218691cfd2e3154b20755
title: 'MUST SEE: James O’Keefe Breaks Down in His Very Emotional Tribute to His Friend
  Charlie Kirk (VIDEO)'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T13:34:18.843145'
created_at: '2025-09-13T13:34:18.843138'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/must-see-james-okeefe-breaks-down-his-very/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T13:30:24'
---

Charlie enters the Gates of Heaven with shouts of “Well Done, Charlie!” O’Keefe Media Group founder (OMG), James O’Keefe, published a powerful and emotional tribute to his friend Charlie Kirk following his assassination by a deranged leftist earlier this week.

MUST SEE: James O'Keefe Breaks Down in His Very Emotional Tribute to His Friend Charlie Kirk (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by Jim Hoft O’Keefe Media Group founder (OMG), James O’Keefe, published a powerful and emotional tribute to his friend Charlie Kirk ing his assassination by a deranged leftist earlier this week. James O’Keefe: As for now, our country, at this pivotal moment in our history, is facing a generational equivalent to the assassination of Martin Luther King or John F. Kennedy. As Pastor Signorelli wrote today, The devil overplayed his hand once again, and this will be the impetus for a mass awakening. Charlie’s murder has brought out a premonition that we are heed down a very dark path indeed unless something immediately changes within us. It is not a coincidence that an assassin, a mere 200 yards away, targeted him in the throat to send a message that they’re coming to take your voice. Charlie’s show, by the way, was distributed through Real America’s voice. Visual images of this horrifying moment of blood spurting out bombarded our social media feeds, and it was a shock against our conscience, our humanity. It was, as another Patriot once wrote, a a crime that tried our souls. This was a symbol that I thought would scare us, and honestly, it did. It scared me. But now Charlie has ascended. He has left us with this warning and a call to action. The price for his message was his life. You see, in our country, there is a lack of accountability for those who do evil. People who commit crimes don’t fear accountability. Ask anybody at the events Charlie les, and they will all say the same thing. You might even be saying it to yourself. Those who do wrong face no consequences. Evil goes unpunished in our government. Nothing ever happens to these people. Nobody is held accountable for anything. Whether you want to call it the deep state, the fourth estate, or the powers that be. Call it b people and corporations and government acting in confluence. The reality is all the same. Justice just isn’t there for those who deserve it. Corruption flourishes and the light shines not on the problems, but on those trying to expose the problems. Make no mistake, Charlie Kirk is de because the people who ought to be in prison are currently roaming free. This is the principle we must understand. Without accountability, we live under the illusion of freedom. Unless this changes soon and people are held to account, more people you love are going to die, and it will be worse. This video is one of the best memorials to Charlie Kirk. Well done, James.
