---
id: be586490a5ec556f5443af3f562be5b4
title: Erika Kirk Posts Heart-Shattering Video Holding Her Deceased Husband Charlie’s
  Hand in His Casket, Declaring Her Love for Him
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T18:34:30.268579'
created_at: '2025-09-13T18:34:30.268566'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/erika-kirk-posts-heart-shattering-video-holding-her/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T18:30:07'
---

In a deeply emotional display of grief, Erika Kirk, the widow of conservative icon and Turning Point USA founder Charlie Kirk, shared heart-shattering intimate moments from her husband’s coffin on Friday.

Erika Kirk Posts Heart-Shattering Video Holding Her Deceased Husband Charlie's Hand in His Casket, Declaring Her Love for Him | The Gateway Pundit | by Cassandra MacDonald In a deeply emotional display of grief, Erika Kirk, the widow of conservative icon and Turning Point USA founder Charlie Kirk, d heart-shattering intimate moments from her husband’s coffin on Friday. “I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, God bless you,” Erika can be heard whispering to her husband as she wept over his body. The world is evil. But our Savior. Our Lord. Our God. Не…Не is so good. I will never have the words. Ever. The sound of this widow weeping echos throughout this world a battle cry. I have no idea what any of this means. But baby I know you do and so does our Lord. They have no idea what they just ignited within this wife. If they thought my husband’s mission was big now..you have no idea. You. All of you. Will never. Ever. Forget my husband @charliekirk1776 I’ll make sure of it. Rest in the arms of our Lord baby as he blankets you with the words I know your heart always strived to hear, “well done My good and faithful servant.” People were interested in these podcasts WSJ What’s News Revised Job Data Show U.S. Labor Market Weaker Than ly Reported P.M. Edition for Sept. 9. The Labor Department’s Bureau of Labor Statistics said today that the U.S. ded 911,000 fewer jobs over the 12 months that ended in March. WSJ economics reporter Justin Lahart explains what that means for the U.S. economy. Plus, new data from the Census Bureau shows that inflation erased Americans’ income gains last year. Journal economics reporter Konr Putzier breaks down the data and discusses what that says about the economy President Trump inherited. And Israel has attacked Hamas’s leership in Doha, Qatar. We hear from WSJ senior Middle East correspondent Summer Said about the impact this strike could have on peace negotiations. Alex Ossola hosts. for the WSJ's free What's News . Learn more about your choices. Visit megaphone.fm/choices The Play-By-Play YouTube's clunky NFL debut & another Ryan Clark apology | WEEK 1 NFL MEDIA REACT The first NFL game on YouTube was a missed opportunity, while Ryan Clark offered a distraction from the rest of Week 1 for NFL media by getting into it with new ESPN teammate Peter Schrager on-air. It's our Week 1 NFL media reaction stream on The Play-By-Play LIVE!Downlo The Play-By-Play:Listen on AppleListen on SpotifyAwful Announcing on XAwful Announcing on FacebookAwful Announcing on InstagramAwful Announcing on ThresAwful Announcing on BlueSkyAwful Announcing on LinkedIn Hosted on Acast. See acast.com/privacy for more information. The Weekly Snapshot - Wall Street Starbucks Surges, Chipotle Tumbles: CEO Shakeup and Stock Moves with Nvidia's Comeback and Apple's Stalemate Starbucks' stock rises as Chipotle's falls due to CEO poaching issues, while analysts predict a significant recovery for Nvidia stock. Meanwhile, Apple's Vision Pro struggles to gain momentum. RealClearPolitics Podcast The War Department Andrew Walworth, Tom Bevan and Carl Cannon discuss President Trump’s proposal to change the name of the Department of Defense to The War Department, and the political impact of Maryland Governor Wes Moore’s recent s on winning the Bronze Star. Then, they discuss the decisions by Sen. Joni Ernst (R-IA) and Rep. Jerry Nler (D-NY) to not to seek reelection. And they talk about President Trump’s call for leing pharmaceutical companies to release data on the effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccine, and a new Gallup poll of parents on how they view the physical safety of their children while at school. Then finally, Andrew Walworth talks to RCP senior elections analyst Sean Trende about the fight within the Democratic Party over the schedule of the 2028 primaries, and how potential Democratic presidential candidates view the political calendar. This is absolutely one of the sdest and most ly the very last photo we’ll see with Erika with Charlie Kirk together. Please, for the Love of God, say a prayer tonight for the entire Kirk family. pic.twitter.com/DGgDWHg6za — News – Tom Homan Border Czar – ary (@TomHoman_) September 13, 2025 In her first social media post, Erika Kirk, Charlie Kirk’s wife, posts video and photos from the last 48 hours and she ds: “They have no idea what they just ignited within this wife. If they thought my husband’s mission was big now…you have no idea. You. All of you. Will… pic.twitter.com/xmvMd5cdEs — Yashar Ali (@yashar) September 13, 2025 Erika’s Instagram tribute echoes the raw emotion she expressed in her first public statement last night, delivered during a somber public dress from the Turning Point hequarters in Arizona. “Two days ago, my husband, Charlie, went to see the face of his savior,” Erika began, her voice breaking as she thanked law enforcement for their efforts. She emphasized hope amid the pain, declaring that “the cries of this widow will echo” and promising that no one would forget Charlie’s contributions. Erika Kirk: “[Our daughter said] ‘Mommy, I missed you.’ I said, I missed you too. She goes, ‘where’s ddy?’ She’s 3.” “I said, ‘Baby, ddy loves you so much. He’s on a work trip with Jesus, so he can afford your blueberry budget.'” pic.twitter.com/ULoUc5zH3Q — Eric Daugherty (@EricLDaugh) September 13, 2025 She also dressed her husband, saying, “The sound of this widow weeping echos throughout this world a battle cry. I have no idea what any of this means. But baby I know you do and so does our Lord.” “Rest in the arms of our Lord baby as he blankets you with the words I know your heart always strived to hear, ‘well done My good and faithful servant.’” As she navigates this unimaginable loss, her words and images serve as a testament to the love she d with Charlie and her determination to keep his spirit alive. He found the perfect woman and was truly living the American dream. Erika Kirk, if she chooses to do so, will clearly make a remarkable leer to carry on his legacy. Tyler Robinson, the 22-year-old charged with assassinating Charlie Kirk, is scheduled to make his first court appearance on Tuesday. The hearing is currently set to be conducted virtually. “Assuming all goes as planned and we file charges on Tuesday, Mr. Robinson’s first appearance will be Tuesday afternoon at 3:00 p.m. MDT,” according to Christopher Ballard, chief of staff at the public information office at the Utah County attorney’s office, according to a report from CNN. Robinson reportedly confessed to his father, then declared that he would rather kill himself than turn himself in to law enforcement. “His family and a friend helped to deliver him into custody of law enforcement in Washington County,” Utah Governor Spencer Cox said during a press briefing on Friday. According to the Probable Cause Statement signed by Detective Brian Davis, surveillance footage captured Robinson arriving on campus around 8:29 AM in a gray Dodge Challenger, dressed in a maroon t-shirt, light-colored shorts, a black hat with a white logo, and light shoes. He later changed into a long-sleeve black shirt featuring an American flag and eagle design, dark jeans, and white/gray Converse Chuck Taylor shoes with black soles, clothing that matched the sniper’s description. Investigators tracked Robinson as he climbed onto the rooftop of the Losee Center building around 12:17 PM, positioning himself with a view of the courtyard where Kirk was speaking at his “Prove Me Wrong” event. At approximately 12:22 PM, a single gunshot rang out, striking the 31-year-old Kirk in the neck and causing fatal blood loss as he collapsed onstage. Robinson allegedly fled the rooftop, discarding a Mauser .30-06 bolt-action rifle wrapped in a dark towel in a grassy area east of the building. Shoe impressions from Converse sneakers were found on the rooftop edge, and a palm print was recovered, further linking him to the scene. The documents reveal that Robinson h become “more political in recent years,” with a family member recounting a dinner conversation where he expressed hatred for Kirk, accusing the conservative activist of “spreing hate.” On the evening of September 11, that same family member contacted authorities through a friend, claiming Robinson h confessed or implicated himself in the shooting. Investigators also interviewed Robinson’s roommate, who showed them Discord messages from a contact named “Tyler” discussing retrieving a rifle from a bush, engraving bullets, wrapping the weapon in a towel, and changing outfits to eve detection. On Saturday, it was revealed that Robinson was living with his transgender boyfriend, who was in the process of “transitioning” to pretend to be a woman. He is reportedly cooperating with the FBI, but the amount of his involvement is currently unknown. Utah is a death penalty state. If convicted, Robinson will be eligible to face a firing squ.
