---
id: bf311a15bd5ab44b2e456d1359f09166
title: 'JUST IN: FBI Investigating Possible Accomplice of Charlie Kirk Shooter Seen
  in Suspicious Footage Despite Utah Governor’s Claim that Gunman Acted Alone'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T12:54:18.718598'
created_at: '2025-09-13T12:54:18.718592'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/just-fbi-investigating-possible-accomplice-charlie-kirk-shooter/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T12:45:15'
---

The FBI is now investigating a potential accomplice in the assassination of Charlie Kirk amid the finding of video footage that appears to show the suspect talking to somebody through a doorbell camera in the neighborhood near the crime scene. Kirk was murdered in a horrific p...

JUST IN: FBI Investigating Possible Accomplice of Charlie Kirk Shooter Seen in Suspicious Footage Despite Utah Governor's Claim that Gunman Acted Alone | The Gateway Pundit | by Jordan Conrson The FBI is now investigating a potential accomplice in the assassination of Charlie Kirk amid the finding of video footage that appears to show the suspect talking to somebody through a doorbell camera in the neighborhood near the crime scene. Kirk was murdered in a horrific public assassination at Utah Valley University while hosting an event on his “ask me anything” tour on Wednesday. ing a roughly 33-hour manhunt, the shooter was found after the father of 22-year-old Tyler Robinson, who engraved ammunition casings with Antifa slogans, turned his son in to authorities. The revelation of a new accomplice comes after Utah Governor Spencer Cox, on Friday, announced during a press conference that Robinson h sent messages to his roommate. The messages stated “a need to retrieve a rifle from a drop point, leaving the rifle in a bush, [and] messages related to visually watching the area where a rifle was left, and a message referring to having left the rifle wrapped in a towel,” according to Cox. “The messages also referred to engraving bullets and a mention of a scope and the rifle being unique. Messages from the contact, Tyler, also mentioned that he h changed outfits.” However, he later told reporters, “We do not at this time have any information that would le to any ditional arrests,” and that he believes Robinson acted alone. Does anybody really believe this? WATCH: Per the Daily Mail : Agents are looking into footage showing Robinson, 22, talking into a doorbell camera about the murder shortly after he scampered away from the Losee Center at Utah Valley University. The footage was turned over to the bureau by university officials themselves from security camera footage. The Sun reported that the footage shows a man walking by the house, speaking into a cellphone about the murder At least one family that lives near the UVU campus was interviewed as part of the investigation. This also comes as FBI Director Kash Patel faces scrutiny over his handling of the biggest and most high-profile case his FBI has taken on to date. It can be recalled that hours after the shooting on Wednesday, Patel announced that “the subject for the horrific shooting today that took the life of Charlie Kirk is now in custody.” Meanwhile, local officials were saying that the shooter was still at large, sparking confusion across the country. Patel retracted the claim about an hour later and after Utah officials said the shooter was at large. “The subject in custody has been released after an interrogation by law enforcement. Our investigation continues and we will continue to release information in interest of transparency,” Patel announced . Conservative journalist Christopher Rufo slammed Patel on Friday over the misstep, saying, “He performed terribly in the last few days, and it’s not clear whether he has the operational expertise to investigate, infiltrate, and disrupt the violent movements—of whatever ideology—that threaten the peace in the United States.” “I’ve been on the phone the last few days with many conservative leers, all of whom wholeheartedly support the Trump ministration and none of whom are confident that the current structure of the FBI is up to this task,” Rufo wrote. I’m grateful that Utah authorities have captured the suspect in the Charlie Kirk assassination, and think it is time for Republicans to assess whether Kash Patel is the right man to run the FBI. He performed terribly in the last few days, and it’s not clear whether he has the… — Christopher F. Rufo ⚔️ (@realchrisrufo) September 12, 2025 This is a developing story.
