---
id: cfd8e638f59ecc88a5a56e7cc8ee4b29
title: 'SHAMEFUL: Utah’s GOP Governor Cox Used Friday Morning’s National Broadcast
  to Grandstand and Promote Himself – Charlie Was NOT a Fan'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T16:34:18.238818'
created_at: '2025-09-13T16:34:18.238767'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://joehoft.com/utahs-gop-governor-cox-took-over-friday-mornings-national-broadcast-to-grandstand-and-promote-himself/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=utahs-gop-governor-cox-took-over-friday-mornings-national-broadcast-to-grandstand-and-promote-himself
  published_at: '2025-09-13T16:20:12'
---

Utah’s Governor Cox took over Friday morning’s national broadcast announcing the assassin of Charlie Kirk to grandstand and promote himself.

SHAME: Utah’s GOP Governor Cox Used Friday Morning’s National Brocast to Grandstand and Promote Himself | Joe Hoft Utah’s Governor Cox took over Friday morning’s national brocast announcing the assassin of Charlie Kirk to grandstand and promote himself. Steve Bannon d this on the War Room after Cox took over the press conference and stepped in front of Kash Patel to claim “We got him!” Saw it this morning We didn’t need a #disagreebetter lecture from Gov Cox We need more information about what happened, how this kid got ricalized, who else was involved, etc. Bannon assessed his performance correctly pic.twitter.com/LTPCYWwaKO — GOUD Maragani (@goud4utah) September 12, 2025 Cox used the limelight for his own grandstanding and MAGA didn’t it at all. The only ones who d it appeared to come from the left. It’s no surprise, Charlie Kirk was not a fan of Utah’s Governor Cox. Charlie knew. @GovCox @charliekirk11 pic.twitter.com/STQXw5DseQ — Sophie Anderson (@SophieAnde49073) September 12, 2025 Here’s more proof: Charlie Kirk was not a fan of Utah Gov Cox pic.twitter.com/rsKtLWGTvf — Al Tesauro (@AlTesauro1776) September 13, 2025 Charlie knew what the citizens of Utah know, Cox is not MAGA. Utah’s Phil Lyman knows Cox as well. Lyman challenged the 2024 GOP primary he says was against GOP rules and not necessary since he won the nomination for Utah Governor at the state convention. This primary was put in place by the RINOs in Utah who didn’t accept the GOP convention results that Lyman won. Here is Lyman explaining what went on in the Utah’s governor’s race last year. This is not a time for grandstanding. It’s a time for justice. It’s a time for praising all Charlie Kirk did during his short life.
