---
id: ddb2d8905554e93e96e1e4b06b7a969e
title: Trump FDA to Present Data Linking COVID Jabs to Child Deaths at Upcoming CDC
  Meeting
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T13:14:18.492535'
created_at: '2025-09-13T13:14:18.492491'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/trump-fda-present-data-linking-covid-jabs-child/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T13:00:02'
---

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) will present data linking COVID-19 vaccines to the deaths of dozens of children.

The Gateway Pundit | by Ben Kew The Food and Drug ministration (FDA) will present data linking COVID-19 vaccines to the deaths of dozens of children. According to several media reports , the CDC’s visory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) will meet Thursday and Friday to review and recommend several vaccines, including this fall’s updated Covid shots. The FDA is basing its claim on data from the Vaccine verse Event Reporting System (VAERS), a public database run jointly by the FDA and CDC. The reports come after FDA Commissioner Marty Makary told CNN last week that the agency is investigating reports of healthy children dying after receiving Covid vaccines. “We’ve been looking into the VAERS database of self-reports that there have been children that have died from the Covid vaccine,” Makary said. “We’re going to release a report in the coming few weeks and we’re going to let people know. We’re doing an intense investigation.” In France, the Covid shot is only for people over age 80 and high-risk. In the UK, it’s age 75 and high-risk. Beware of medical elites claiming absolute consensus when in fact the U.S. has been an international outlier. pic.twitter.com/04FAo8SsED — Dr. Marty Makary (@DrMakaryFDA) September 5, 2025 Meanwhile, Department for Health and Human Services spokesperson Andrew Nixon told The Washington Post that any recommendations will be backed by “gold standard” scientific re. “FDA and CDC staff routinely analyze VAERS and other safety monitoring data, and those reviews are being d publicly through the established ACIP process,” he said. “Any recommendations on updated COVID-19 vaccines will be based on gold standard science and deliberated transparently at ACIP week.” The Gateway Pundit led the way in reporting on the verse effects of the COVID-19 vaccines, which Democratic politicians tried to force on millions of people against their will. While millions of law-abiding ults were threatened with or ended up losing their livelihoods over their refusal to take the jabs, many leftists wanted to go even further by forcing them on healthy children. Many countries including the United Kingdom have since banned children under the age of five from taking the jab because of the risk of verse side effects. However, it took until May this year for the Secretary of Health and Human Services Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to suit in the U.S. by ending all COVID vaccination recommendations for otherwise healthy children, teenagers and pregnant women. GOOD NEWS: Health Secretary RFK Jr. to End COVID Vaccine Recommendations for Children, Teens, and Pregnant Women
