---
id: e09054227f7748be7f42b7f67d94a2a5
title: 'WATCH: Ben Shapiro Vows to “Pick Up that Blood-Stained Microphone Where Charlie
  Left It” – Says He will Host “Many” Campus Tours to Replace Charlie Kirk'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T15:34:18.890600'
created_at: '2025-09-13T15:34:18.890592'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/watch-ben-shapiro-vows-pick-up-that-blood/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T15:30:43'
---

Daily Wire founder and podcast host Ben Shapiro seemingly outlined his plans to pick up the torch, or as he put it, the “blood-stained microphone” of the late conservative leader, Charlie Kirk, after his assassination earlier this week. As many in conservative circles wonder w...

WATCH: Ben Shapiro Vows to "Pick Up that Blood-Stained Microphone Where Charlie Left It" - Says He will Host "Many" Campus Tours to Replace Charlie Kirk | The Gateway Pundit | by Jordan Conrson Daily Wire founder and podcast host Ben Shapiro seemingly outlined his plans to pick up the torch, or as he put it, the “blood-stained microphone” of the late conservative leer, Charlie Kirk, after his assassination earlier this week. As many in conservative circles wonder who will be the Kirk, the vultures are swarming, looking for their opportunity to strike. Shapiro wasted no time throwing his hat in the ring to be , announcing the day after Kirk’s death that he will tour college campuses, “many of them this year.” “We’re going to pick up that blood-stained microphone where Charlie left it,” Shapiro callously told his audience, painting an awful visual. Trying to talk tough the late Andrew Breitbart, he saber-rattled, “and to those who would intimidate, who would seek to stop us, who would seek to end free discussion, who believe that they have ownership over public spaces and can violently threaten and kill people who speak freely, we are not going to stop. And I have two words: F*ck you.” But Charlie’s wife, Erika Kirk, on Friday gave a far more ominous warning to the rical left and the globalist regime responsible for his assassination, warning that they “have no idea” the beast they just awakened in her, Charlie’s ers, and across the entire world. She further emphasized that the mission of Turning Point will continue, including the campus tours, the organization’s flagship “America Fest” event in Phoenix, Charlie’s rio show, and Charlie’s voice. WATCH: In Powerful First Public dress, Erika Kirk Fires Off Chilling Warning to “Evildoers Responsible for my Husband’s Assassination” – “You Have No Idea the Fire That You Have Ignited” Shapiro, who is not known for using foul language, decried what he called "bullsh*t" rumors, declaring, "I will be coming to college campuses, many of them this year," and seemingly that he will be the one to "never let Charlie Kirk's voice die." WATCH: Now, it's still up to us. I saw a lot of rumors online today. I was me aware of this by my team that I canceled some sort of college tour. That's bullsh*t. I saw those rumors. They are false. I will be coming to college campuses, many of them this year. So will we all, I am sure, because we're Americans and we're not going to be deterred. Charlie's voice is not silent. We're going to pick up that blood stained microphone where Charlie left it, and to those who would intimidate, who would seek to stop us, who would seek to end free discussion, who believe that they have ownership over public spaces and can violently threaten and kill people who speak freely, we are not going to stop. And I have two words: F*ck you. We will not stop telling the truth. We will never stop telling the truth. We will never stop debating and discussing. We will never stop standing up for what America is and for what you should be. And we will never let Charlie Kirk's voice die. Goodbye to my friend, Charlie Kirk. May your memory be a blessing for your family and for your country and for all of us. Rio host Michael Savage responded with a strong condemnation to Shapiro's remarks on X, questioning his character. "Ben Shapiro! Have you NO shame? Charlie's body is not even buried and you're trying to cash in on his reputation!" Savage wrote. Ben Shapiro! Have you NO shame? Charlie's body is not even buried and you're trying to cash in on his reputation! “We’re going to pick up that blood-stained microphone where Charlie left it.” pic.twitter.com/3pg186ZsFu — Michael Savage (@ASavageNation) September 12, 2025
