---
id: e430b49183d7e69e87064a939cd9e867
title: 'Sick: Hockey Stick Climate Fraud Scientist Shares Tweet Calling Charlie Kirk
  ‘Head of Trump’s Hitler Youth’'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T17:54:20.787931'
created_at: '2025-09-13T17:54:20.787924'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/sick-hockey-stick-climate-fraud-scientist-shares-tweet/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T17:40:51'
---

In 2009, leaked documents in the “Climategate Scandal” revealed the climate change scam to be exactly what many suspected – a massive scam.

Sick: Hockey Stick Climate Fraud Scientist s Tweet Calling Charlie Kirk 'He of Trump's Hitler Youth' | The Gateway Pundit | by Margaret Flavin In 2009, leaked documents in the “Climategate Scandal” revealed the climate change scam to be exactly what many suspected – a massive scam. The Gateway Pundit reported on this scandal extensively when the reports first broke . Dr. Michael Mann, the scientist who co-authored the famous “hockey stick graph” of temperature trends, was implicated in the 2009 global warming email scandal. In 2012 , Mann sued the National Review and Competitive Enterprise Institute over their critique of his work regarding the climate change hoax. In 2017, The Gateway Pundit reported Mann committed contempt of court in what was dubbed the “climate science trial of the century.” Mann also called for censorship of scientists who disagree with him on global warming. ing the assassination of TPUSA’s Charlie Kirk, Mann, who is a senior ministrator at UPenn, went on a vile rampage against Kirk, including sharing a post that ned Kirk to a Nazi and his work with TPUSA was akin to the Hitler Youth. Mann retweeted several posts that took issue with a piece by New York Times columnist Ezra Klein titled “Charlie Kirk Was Practicing Politics the Right Way.” Klein’s piece praised Kirk’s approach and commitment to free dialogue and expressed that they were “on the same side on the continued possibility of American politics,” despite their differences. Mann, however, chose to amplify hateful rhetoric from the left. One retweet called Kirk “the he of Trump’s Hitler Youth.” In a post of his own, Mann degred the tragedy by calling, “The white on white violence has gotten out of hand,” phrasing that would cause an uproar if any other races were used as examples. ing justifiable blowback, Mann removed the retweets citing “inappropriate & inflammatory language” he ‘overlooked.’ He did not, however, verbally express that what he chose to publicly support was wrong, only “inappropriate.” I reposted this earlier today. I was simply agreeing w/ the (widespre) criticism of Ezra Klein’s claim that Kirk was “practicing politics the right way”. I do NOT approve of the inappropriate & inflammatory language used to describe Kirk (which I’d overlooked). Have deleted. pic.twitter.com/7dUlLGb5EK — Prof Michael E. Mann (@MichaelEMann) September 12, 2025 Over at far-left echo chamber BlueSky, Mann continued his ranting. BREAKING: Disgraced climate scientist and senior ministrator at the University of Pennsylvania Michael Mann—who ly called for people to take up arms and form a militia against Trump—has been reposting absolutely ghoulish content on BlueSky about Charlie Kirk in the wake… pic.twitter.com/A4z2pj2hMH — Steve Guest (@SteveGuest) September 11, 2025 Senator Dave McCormick (R-PA) ed on Mann’s repulsive behavior on X sharing, ” This is despicable behavior. This dangerous rhetoric cannot and will not be tolerated. I unequivocally condemn this behavior and demand UPenn to take immediate, decisive action.” This is despicable behavior. This dangerous rhetoric cannot and will not be tolerated. I unequivocally condemn this behavior and demand UPenn to take immediate, decisive action. https://t.co/mn4M9soX5f — Senator Dave McCormick (@SenMcCormickPA) September 12, 2025
