---
id: e779d3f5588c263186b4dccfb09f0adb
title: 'LISTEN: “Welcome Home, Charlie. You Didn’t Deserve it. May God Bless Your
  Family” – Air Traffic Controller at Phoenix Sky Harbor Welcomes Charlie Kirk as
  Air Force Two Lands with Casket'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T19:44:34.570745'
created_at: '2025-09-13T19:44:34.570738'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/listen-welcome-home-charlie-you-didnt-deserve-it/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T19:20:12'
---

Audio from the air traffic control tower at Phoenix Sky Harbor airport on Thursday shows one air traffic controller welcoming the Great Charlie Kirk home to Arizona and wishing God’s grace upon his family.

LISTEN: "Welcome Home, Charlie. You Didn't Deserve it. May God Bless Your Family" - Air Traffic Controller at Phoenix Sky Harbor Welcomes Charlie Kirk as Air Force Two Lands with Casket | The Gateway Pundit | by Jordan Conrson Audio from the air traffic control tower at Phoenix Sky Harbor airport on Thursday shows one air traffic controller welcoming the Great Charlie Kirk home to Arizona and wishing God’s grace upon his family. The 31-year-old giant of conservative activism and founder of Turning Point USA leaves behind a wife and two very young children. As The Gateway Pundit reported, Vice President JD Vance and Second Ly Usha Vance traveled to Salt Lake City, Utah, on Thursday to meet with Kirk’s wife, Erika, their two young children, and close friends to escort his body back to his home state. Vance canceled a scheduled appearance at a September 11 memorial event in New York so that he could provide support for Kirk’s grieving family amid the ongoing manhunt for the shooter. WATCH: Vice President JD Vance Helps Carry Charlie Kirk onto Air Force Two to Bring Him Home to Arizona Upon Air Force 2's arrival at Phoenix Sky Harbor airport on Thursday, one air traffic controller gave Charlie Kirk a final welcome home and a prayer that God would bless his family at this tragic time. WATCH: Welcome home, Charlie. You didn't deserve it. May God bless your family. Authorities announced that Charlie Kirk's assassin, identified as 22-year-old Tyler Robinson, was in custody on Friday. It was then revealed this morning that Robinson lived with his romantic partner, who is a male transitioning to a female, The Gateway Pundit reported . The male partner is now cooperating with the FBI. The FBI is also currently investigating a potential accomplice of Robinson. As The Gateway Pundit reported , Erika Kirk gave an emotional dress on Friday night, where she put the rical left and the globalist regime responsible for Charlie's assassination on notice that they “have no idea” the beast they just awakened in her, Charlie’s ers, and across the entire world. She further emphasized that the mission of Turning Point will continue, including the campus tours, the organization’s flagship “America Fest” event in Phoenix, Charlie’s rio show, and Charlie’s voice.
