---
id: f65971cb73a62ce83ffc959dd7e3f977
title: Erika Kirk Fights Through Tears As She Explains What She Had to Tell Her 3-Year-Old
  Daughter About Her Daddy (VIDEO)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T02:54:18.464979'
created_at: '2025-09-13T02:54:18.464973'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/erika-kirk-fights-through-tears-as-she-explains/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T02:34:39'
---

Erika Kirk delivered a powerful message in her first public remarks Friday evening since her husband Charlie Kirk’s assassination.

Erika Kirk Fights Through Tears As She Explains What She H to Tell Her 3-Year-Old Daughter About Her Ddy (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila Erika Kirk delivered a powerful message in her first public remarks Friday evening since her husband Charlie Kirk’s assassination. Charlie and Erika got married in May 2021 and have two young children together. “Two days ago, my husband Charlie went to see the face of his savior and his God,” Erika Kirk said after thanking first responders and other supporters. “Now and for all eternity, he will stand at his Savior’s side wearing the glorious crown of a martyr.” “But most of all, Charlie loved his children and he loved me with all of his heart. And I knew that every day I knew that he me sure. I knew that every day. Every day he would ask me, “How can I serve you better? How can I be a better husband? How can I be a better father?” Every day. Every day. Such a good man,” she said. Erika Kirk fought through tears as she explained what she told their 3-year-old daughter. “What do you tell a 3-year-old? She’s three!,” Erika Kirk said through tears. “And I said, ‘baby, ddy loves you so much. Don’t you worry. He’s on a work trip with Jesus so he can afford your blueberry budget.” WATCH: Erika Kirk explains what she h to tell her 3-year-old daughter when she asked where her father was. Gut-wrenching. pic.twitter.com/foxcwMGNOd — Collin Rugg (@CollinRugg) September 13, 2025 Watch Erika’s full remarks here:
