---
id: ffc6f2d2d2aad8256bca8dfca4badeae
title: NATO Announces “Eastern Sentry” to “Bolster Eastern Flank” While Germany Adding
  100,000 Additional Troops to Meet NATO “Targets” Against “Russian Aggression”
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-13T21:44:22.208662'
created_at: '2025-09-13T21:44:22.208655'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/nato-announces-eastern-sentry-bolster-eastern-flank-while/
  published_at: '2025-09-13T21:40:25'
---

A “confidential paper” reviewed by Reuters in an exclusive report shows that Germany “needs to add 100,000 active troops” to its current ranks, estimated at around 62,000. The increase is attributed to a NATO target to bolster troops amidst “the growing threat of Russian aggre...

NATO Announces "Eastern Sentry" to "Bolster Eastern Flank" While Germany ding 100,000 ditional Troops to Meet NATO "Targets" Against "Russian Aggression" | The Gateway Pundit | by Brian Lupo A “confidential paper” reviewed by Reuters in an exclusive report shows that Germany “needs to d 100,000 active troops” to its current ranks, estimated at around 62,000. The increase is attributed to a NATO target to bolster troops amidst “the growing threat of Russian aggression.” According to Reuters , Army Chief Alfons Mais wrote to the Chief of the Defence Staff Carsten Breuer saying, “It is imperative for the army to become sufficiently rey for war by 2029 and provide the capabilities Germany pledged (to NATO) by 2035.” Germany plans to d 45,000 troops by 2029 and then, again, d 45,000 more in 2035. ditionally, it will d 10,000 troops for territorial defense, according to reporting from Modern Diplomacy. Notably, Germany has not yet even met its 2018 goal of 203,000 troops, falling about 20,000 troops short of that number. Germany’s army requires DITIONAL 100,000 active troops for WAR BY 2029 — Reuters referring to confidential assessment by Army Chief Alfons Mais Current 62,000 NOT ENOUGH to meet new NATO reiness targets pic.twitter.com/1tZr57JkkQ — RT (@RT_com) September 12, 2025 NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte announced a new military exercise dubbed “Eastern Sentry,” which aims to bolster the alliance’s eastern flank. According to a statement from NATO, it “will include Denmark, France, United Kingdom, Germany, and others” to dress the “particular challenges associated with the use of drones.” Poland called for Article 4 consultations. Rutte did not immediately agree, but stated the drone intrusion “was not an isolated incident” and noted that “Russia’s recklessness in the air” along the eastern front is “increasing in frequency.” @SecGenNATO announced the launch of “Eastern Sentry” to bolster the posture of the Alliance even further along its eastern flank. This military activity will involve a range of assets from Allies. Eastern Sentry will make clear that NATO is always rey to defend — NATO (@NATO) September 12, 2025 President Trump posted to Truth Social this morning that the U.S. is rey “to do major Sanctions on Russia when all NATO Nations have agreed, and started, to do the same thing, and when all NATO Nations STOP BUYING OIL FROM RUSSIA.” Earlier this week, Poland alleged that Russia flew 19 drones across its border, leing to Poland closing Warsaw International Airport and scrambling fighter jets, as reported by The Gateway Pundit. Poland reportedly shot down the suspected Russian drones on Wednesday, according to a report from Reuters, making Poland the first NATO ally to fire shots during the Russian-Ukraine war. Moscow denied responsibility for the attack and Andrey Ordash, Russia’s chargé d’affaires in Poland, challenged the accusations claiming Poland has provided no evidence that they were Russian drones. President Trump Truthed out, “What’s with Russia violating Poland’s airspace with drones? Here we go!” ing the allegations.
