---
id: 03d34db269398dd2213b561cdbf6538d
title: TMZ Staff Laughs at Charlie Kirk’s Death, Then Denies it – but TGP Has Proof!
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T21:54:18.089407'
created_at: '2025-09-12T21:54:18.089399'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/tmz-staff-laughs-charlie-kirks-death-then-denies/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T21:40:07'
---

Live video from the day of Charlie Kirk’s death documents the staff of Hollywood slutwatch “TMZ” cheering the death of Charlie Kirk.

TMZ Staff Laughs at Charlie Kirk's Death, Then Denies it - but TGP Has Proof! | The Gateway Pundit | by Collin McMahon Live video from the day of Charlie Kirk’s death documents the staff of Hollywood slutwatch “TMZ” cheering the death of Charlie Kirk. TMZ founder Harvey Levin claimed the staff “were watching a car chase and they were laughing”. However, Gateway Pundit has video evidence that shows there was nothing to cheer and clap about in the ABC car chase footage, suggesting Levin is dissembling. “We were livestreaming all day during this tragedy when something happened in our office. As we were reporting the assassination of Charlie Kirk, there were some people in the back room away from our news desk here who were watching a car chase and they were laughing, they were clapping, and you could hear it out here, and we want to make a couple of things clear. One is that, I know these people, and they were not laughing, they were not reacting that way about Charlie Kirk’s assassination. They were not. They would not work here if they did,” Levin said after the hoffific footage became public. DISGUSTING: During the @TMZ livestream today, employees at TMZ could be heard CHEERING 30 seconds before @charliekirk11 ’s death was announced on the TMZ livestream. They were happy to hear the news of Charlie Kirk’s death and can be heard clapping and cheering before passing the… pic.twitter.com/gqtQdq9Gwi — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) September 10, 2025 Journalist Laura Loomer posted a video of TMZ’s livestream on X, forcing the apology. “Shameful and disgusting behavior by TMZ. Shame on them. Charlie is a husband and a father. He was murdered in cold blood,” Loomer wrote. German X user Hori_zont cross-edited the TMZ livecast with the ABC car chase footage, showing it is highly unly the TMZ staff were cheering the car chase, just as the news came in in that two-time father and American hero Charlie Kirk h succumbed to his fatal gunshot wound. First they laugh at you, then they lie about it. Then they laugh some more. Ich habe den ABC7-Livestream mit dem TMZ-Livestream synchronisiert. TC: 00:00:00:00 Im ABC7-Livestream (Autoverfolgungsjagd) wird angekündigt, dass es einen Sonderbericht zum Attentat auf Charlie Kirk gibt und dass dieser in Kürze gezeigt wird. TC: 00:00:02:00 Im TMZ Chat wird… pic.twitter.com/SGSgHFMT7g — _horizont_ (@hori_____zont) September 12, 2025
