---
id: 059d223a807f5aaa7280217e1ebc9eda
title: Jihadists massacre 89 Christians in African nation, many slain at funeral service
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T16:38:43.995164'
created_at: '2025-09-12T16:38:43.995156'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: FoxNews World
  url: https://www.foxnews.com/world/jihadists-massacre-89-christians-african-nation-many-slain-funeral-service
  published_at: '2025-09-12T10:54:24'
---

# Jihadists massacre 89 Christians in African nation, many slain at funeral service

Jihadists slaughtered 89 Christians in the Democratic Republic of Congo, with 70 killed during a funeral service and others in nearby villages.

At least 89 Christians slaughtered by ISIS-linked terrorists in DR Congo | Fox News <div><div> <div> <div> <div><div> <p>Middle East Media Re Institute (MEMRI) Vice President Alberto Miguel Fernandez told Fox News Digital ISIS aligned soldiers in the African nation of Mozambique are boasting of attacks on Christian villages.</p> </div></div> </div> </div> <div><p> <span>NEW</span>You can now listen to Fox News articles! </p></div> <h3> <strong>WARNING:</strong> This article contains graphic and distressing details.</h3> <p>At least 89 <a href="https://www.foxnews.com/category/christianity">Christians</a> have been slaughtered by jihists in the east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). Open Doors, which monitors Christian persecution around the world, claimed some 70 were, Monday night, killed while worshiping at a funeral service, with the rest slain in the villages of Potodu and Ntoyo in the DRC’s North Kivu region. </p> <p>Many more villagers are missing. The U.S.-based SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors militant activities, told Reuters the death toll h approached 100.</p> <p>Responsibility for the attack was claimed by the Allied Democratic Forces (F) group, also known as Islamic State Central Africa Province, linked to ISIS — the same group that allegedly killed 49 Christians while they were praying for peace in a church in the DRC village of Komanda in July, and a further 66 earlier in Irumu.</p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/world/white-house-responds-surge-christian-persecution-crisis-across-sub-saharan-africa"><strong>WHITE HOUSE RESPONDS TO SURGE IN CHRISTIAN PERSECUTION CRISIS ACROSS SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA</strong></a></p> <div> <div><div><p><span>A volunteer holds a cross as a family member s under heavy rain during a burial ceremony in Ntoyo, Sept. 10, 2025. Terrorists linked to the Islamic State group killed at least 89 people in an overnight attack at a funeral event and in nearby villages in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, local and security sources said.</span> <span>(SEROS MUYISA/AFP via Getty Images)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>A local pastor, Rev. Mbula Samaki, told an Open Doors partner from the scene: "They arrived and started killing. Those who tried to flee were shot de, and others were killed with machetes."</p> <p>Fox News Digital has seen a verified video of the aftermath. It is too distressing to , showing bodies of small children and women lying on the ground. The pitiful screaming of surviving family members can be heard. Another image is said to show that some of the victims h their hands tied behind their backs.</p> <p>An African Open Doors partner with extensive knowledge of the events, who must have her identity hidden for her safety, told Fox News Digital there have been multiple other <a href="https://www.foxnews.com/world/exclusive-eyewitness-testimony-reveals-horrific-details-dely-church-attack-african-nation">attacks by the F</a> that have not been reported. "If we take just August, there's been over 10, we have documented 10 attacks, but there have been a lot more which go unreported. And sometimes two or three villages are attacked at the same time."</p> <p>"The people, they say we are tired, when will this come to an end? Because it's every day you hear someone has been killed. You can find a family where two or three family members have been killed, or a child whose both parents have been killed. So it's pain, it's agony."</p> <div> <div><div><p><span>Crosses are seen as volunteers dig graves for the victims of an attack during a burial ceremony in Ntoyo, Sept. 10, 2025. Terrorists linked to the Islamic State group killed at least 89 people in an overnight attack on a funeral event and in nearby villages in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, local and security sources said.</span> <span>(SEROS MUYISA/AFP via Getty Images)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/world/isis-soldiers-behe-christians-mozambique-burning-church-homes-silent-genocide"><strong>ISIS SOLDIERS BEHE CHRISTIANS IN MOZAMBIQUE, BURNING CHURCH AND HOMES: 'SILENT GENOCIDE'</strong></a></p> <p>President <a href="https://www.foxnews.com/category/person/donald-trump">Donald Trump</a> announced a peace deal for the DRC in June. But local combatants, sources say, only appear willing to get it to work in the area around the eastern city of Goma. The F, by contrast, is increasing its attacks. This area is almost exclusively Christian. The F attackers are all Islamist militants bent, observers say, on forcing Christians off their land and determined to stop Christians from practicing their faith.</p> <p>DRC forces are trying to push back against the F. But as one local source told Fox News Digital, "it's largely insufficient."</p> <p>ing last month’s attack, a White House spokesperson told Fox News Digital, "The Trump ministration condemns in the strongest terms this horrific violence against Christians in the DRC and is committed to vancing the Washington Accords to bring peace back to the region and end targeted killings."</p> <div> <div><div><p><span>A screenshot shows villagers inspecting the damage left by jihi terrorists who killed 49 Christians in DR Congo in July.</span> <span>(Open Doors)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>A Christian leer with on-the-ground knowledge ded, "if the Trump ministration can pay attention to what's happening in the east of the DRC with F as they do, maybe with other countries <a href="https://www.foxnews.com/category/world/conflicts/ukraine">Ukraine</a>, I think they can mount pressure on the DRC government and even support them to dress these F attacks more properly."</p> <p>"If these people, these powers that be, and that can change things, can see this as a family, as a child whose father no longer lives. If they can just see it as people, not numbers, it's not incidents, it's people. It's their lives are less worth it, less worth being spoken of. And I don't think that's right. Everybody deserves to live."</p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/apps-products?pid=AppArticleLink"><strong><u>CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP</u></strong></a></p> <p>Fox News Digital reached out to the government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo for , but did not receive a response.</p> <p><i>The Associated Press and Reuters contributed to this story.</i></p> <div><div><p>Paul Tilsley is a veteran correspondent who has reported from four continents for more than three deces. Based in Johannesburg, South Africa, he can be ed on X @paultilsley.</p></div></div> </div> </div>
