---
id: 06b8c7939f0e24d15067ba89177f5ef9
title: Charlie Kirk assassination suspect evades manhunt as investigators recover
  rifle in wooded area
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T14:37:39.349145'
created_at: '2025-09-12T14:37:39.349138'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: Fox News US
  url: https://www.foxnews.com/us/charlie-kirk-assassination-suspect-evades-manhunt-investigators-analyze-security-footage
  published_at: '2025-09-11T11:26:00'
---

# Charlie Kirk assassination suspect evades manhunt as investigators recover rifle in wooded area

The suspect who assassinated conservative activist Charlie Kirk remains on the run Thursday as investigators revealed new details about the shooter.

Charlie Kirk assassin eves police as FBI releases 'person of interest' photos | Fox News <div><div> <div> <div> <div><div> <p>President Donald Trump announced he will "soon be awarding Charlie Kirk posthumously, the Presidential Medal of Freedom."</p> </div></div> </div> </div> <div><p> <span>NEW</span>You can now listen to Fox News articles! </p></div> <p>The suspect who shot and killed conservative activist <a href="https://www.foxnews.com/category/media/charlie-kirk">Charlie Kirk</a> remains on the run Thursday as investigators released images of a "person of interest" wanted in connection to the incident.</p> <p>Kirk, the founder of Turning Point USA, was struck with a single bullet around 12:20 p.m. local time Wednesday <a href="https://www.foxnews.com/us/turning-point-usa-co-founder-charlie-kirk-shot-kickoff-day-american-comeback-tour">while speaking at an event</a> on the campus of Utah Valley University in Orem. Authorities revealed Thursday that they recovered a weapon and have "good footage" of the gunman, whom they described as being "college age."</p> <p>President Donald Trump also announced Thursday that Kirk will be awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.</p> <p>"Let me express the horror and grief so many Americans at the heinous assassination of Charlie Kirk," Trump said during a 9/11 remembrance ceremony. "Charlie was a giant of his generation, a champion of liberty and an inspiration to millions and millions of people. Our prayers are with his wonderful wife, Erika, and his beautiful children – fantastic people they are. We miss him greatly."</p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/live-news/charlie-kirk-shot-utah-valley-university"><strong><u>LIVE UPDATES: MANHUNT FOR CHARLIE KIRK SHOOTER CONTINUES</u></strong></a></p> <div> <div><div><p><span>A person of interest being sought by the FBI in the wake of Charlie Kirk's assassination.</span> <span>(FBI Salt Lake City)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>"I can tell you that we have recovered what we believe is the weapon that was used in yesterday's shooting. It is a high-powered bolt action rifle," FBI</p> <p>Multiple sources confirmed to Fox News that investigators are looking at what appear to be messages on both the gun and its ammunition. The content of the messages is unclear. </p> <p>FBI Salt Lake City released multiple images Thursday of a "person of interest" wanted in connection to the shooting.</p> <p>"The FBI is offering a reward of up to $100,000 for information leing to the identification and arrest of the individual(s) responsible for the murder of Charlie Kirk on September 10, 2025, at Utah Valley University in Orem, Utah," the agency said.</p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/category/media/charlie-kirk"><strong>COMPLETE COVERAGE OF CHARLIE KIRK</strong></a></p> <div> <div><div><p><span>Charlie Kirk, left, is shown speaking at Utah Valley University on Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2025, prior to his assassination. On the right, police are seen responding to the shooting.</span> <span>(Trent Nelson/The Salt Lake Tribune/Getty Images; George Frey/Getty Images)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>Utah Department of Public Safety Commissioner Beau Mason also said, "we do have good video footage of this individual."</p> <p>"Starting at 11:52 a.m. this subject arrived on campus. Shortly away from campus, we have tracked his movements onto the campus, through the stairwells, up to the roof across the roof to the shooting location," Mason ded. "After the shooting, we were able to track his movements as he moved to the other side of the building, jumped off of the building and fled off of the campus and into a neighborhood."</p> <p>"Our investigators have worked through those neighborhoods, contacting anybody they can with doorbell cameras, witnesses and thoroughly worked through those communities, trying to identify any les," Mason continued. </p> <div> <div><div><p><span>President Donald Trump and first ly Melania Trump attend a ceremony to commemorate the 24th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks, Thursday, Sept. 11, 2025, at the Pentagon in Washington. Trump revealed at the ceremony that Charlie Kirk will be receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom.</span> <span>(AP/Evan Vucci)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>Mason said Wednesday that investigators were in possession of "closed-circuit TV" footage of the suspect taken from campus security cameras.</p> <p>"We do have that. We're analyzing it. But it is security camera footage, so you can kind of guess what the quality of that is," he ded. "But we do know, dressed in all dark clothing."</p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/us/charlie-kirk-assassination-dispatch-audio-reveals-suspect-black-tactical-gear-carrying-long-gun">Utah dispatch audio</a> revealed the frantic moments after Kirk was shot.</p> <p>"He’s going to be wearing all black, black long gun, black tactical helmet, a black mask, possibly wearing a tactical vest and jeans," a female dispatcher said over the rio, according to recordings.</p> <div> <div><div><p><span>The crowd reacts after Charlie Kirk is shot during Turning Point's visit to Utah Valley University in Orem on Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2025. </span> <span>(Tess Crowley/The Deseret News via AP)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>The Utah Department of Public Safety said that Kirk, after being shot, was rushed to Timpanogos Regional Hospital, where he was pronounced de. </p> <p>"This shooting is still an active investigation," the agency said in a statement. "The Utah Department of Public Safety (DPS) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) are co-leing this incident in unison with the Utah County Attorney’s office, the Utah County Sheriff’s office, and the local police departments." </p> <p>"DPS’s State Crime Lab, along with all law enforcement involved, are working multiple active crime scenes. These were identified based on where the victim was shot, as well as the locations where the suspect and victim traveled," the statement continued. </p> <p>"The shooting is believed to be a targeted attack," it also said. <a href="https://www.foxnews.com/us/what-we-know-charlie-kirk-shooting-utah-valley-university">"The shooter</a> is believed to have fired from the roof of a building down to the location of the public event in the student courtyard. Any ditional clarifications cannot be provided to protect the integrity of our investigation." </p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/politics/vigils-held-across-us-after-assassination-charlie-kirk-we-must-heal"><strong>VIGILS HELD ACROSS US AFTER ASSASSINATION OF CHARLIE KIRK: 'WE MUST HEAL'</strong></a></p> <div> <div><div><p><span>A deputy monitors the scene at Utah Valley University after Charlie Kirk was shot and killed on Thursday, Sept. 11, 2025, in Orem, Utah. </span> <span>(AP/Lindsey Wasson)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>DPS said it initially took in George Zinn as a suspect, but later released him. Zinn was charged with obstruction by campus police. </p> <p>A second individual was then taken into custody, but he too was released ing an interrogation by law enforcement, DPS ded. </p> <p>"There are no current ties to the shooting with either of these individuals," DPS said. </p> <p>The FBI is now asking the public to any information, photos or videos they may have from the incident. </p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/apps-products?pid=AppArticleLink"><strong>CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP</strong></a></p> <p>"To secure the event, UVU PD h six officers working the event," DPS said. "These security measures were in dition to Charlie Kirk’s security detail, who travels with him. Approximately 3,000 people attended. The location of the event was held in the university qu, an outdoor bowl courtyard on campus for events. This is a tragic moment for Utah and our country." </p> <p><i>Fox News' Michael Ruiz, David Spunt and Bill Melugin contributed to this report.</i></p> <div><div><p>Greg Norman is a reporter at Fox News Digital.</p></div></div> </div> </div>
