---
id: 17ce5ab7e847ea6a3581030ccb91bd98
title: They bought an abandoned 'ghost house' in the Japanese countryside
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T15:10:59.784364'
created_at: '2025-09-12T15:10:59.784358'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: CNN World
  url: https://www.cnn.com/travel/article/couple-turned-abandoned-japanese-home-into-guest-house/index.html
  published_at: '2023-04-10T12:22:59'
---

# They bought an abandoned 'ghost house' in the Japanese countryside

He'd spent years backpacking around the world, and Japanese traveler Daisuke Kajiyama was finally ready to return home to pursue his long-held dream of opening up a guesthouse.

Couple who transformed an abandoned Japanese home into a guesthouse | CNN <div><div> <p> <b>Editor’s Note: </b> for <a href="https://www.cnn.com/specials/travel-?source=nl-acq_article">Unlocking the World, CNN Travel’s weekly </a>. Get the news in aviation, food and drink, where to stay and other travel developments. </p> <p> <cite> <span>CNN</span> — </cite> </p> <p> He’d spent years backpacking around the world, and Japanese traveler Daisuke Kajiyama was finally rey to return home to pursue his long-held</p> <p> In 2011, Kajiyama arrived back in Japan with his Israeli partner Hila, who he met in Nepal, and the pair set about finding the perfect location for their future venture.</p> <p> However, there were a couple of major stumbling blocks in their way. To start with, Kajiyama h very little money to speak of after years of globetrotting around destinations Korea, Taiwan, India, Nepal, Guatemala, Cuba and Cana. </p> <p> He also happened to have his heart set on a tritional Japanese house, typically known as kominka<strong>, </strong>which are usually passed down over generations. </p> <p> “I wanted to have a tritional house in the countryside,” Kajiyama tells CNN Travel, explaining that he was determined to find two houses located to each other, so that he and Hila could live in one, while the other would be a guesthouse that they’d run together. “I h a vision.” </p> <h2> Guesthouse dream </h2> <div> <div> <p> <span>Daisuke and Hila Kajiyama transformed an abandoned farming residence in Japan into a guesthouse.</span> </p> <figcaption>Dai</figcaption> </div> </div> <p> When he was unable to find anything that met his requirements, Kajiyama decided to shift his to include the growing number of abandoned homes in the country. </p> <p> As younger people ditch rural areas in pursuit of jobs in the city, Japan’s countryside is becoming filled with “ghost” houses, or <a href="https://cnn.com/2018/12/05/asia/japan-vacant-akiya-ghost-homes/index.html">“akiya.”</a> </p> <p> According to the Japan Policy Forum, there were 61 million houses and 52 million households in Japan in 2013, and with the country’s population expected to decline from 127 million to about <a href="https://www.ipss.go.jp/pp-zenkoku/e/zenkoku_e2017/pp_zenkoku2017e_gaiyou.html#e_zenkoku_II">88 million by 2065</a>, this number is ly to increase. </p> <p> Kajiyama was driving a</p></div></div>
