---
id: 1b3c18c83b89a85b79a4d21b46771f63
title: Rubio warns Brazil of US response after Bolsonaro's conviction for plotting
  a coup
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T16:38:50.931876'
created_at: '2025-09-12T16:38:50.931753'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: FoxNews World
  url: https://www.foxnews.com/world/rubio-warns-brazil-us-response-after-bolsonaros-conviction-plotting-coup
  published_at: '2025-09-12T03:17:38'
---

# Rubio warns Brazil of US response after Bolsonaro's conviction for plotting a coup

U.S. Secretary of State Marco Rubio said the U.S. would respond after former Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro was convicted of plotting a coup to remain in power.

Rubio vows strong US response to Bolsonaro's conviction in Brazil | Fox News <div><div> <div> <div> <div><div> <p>CBP senior visor Ron Vitiello tells 'Fox News Live' that he supports the decision me to strike down an alleged Venezuelan drug boat despite negative reaction from Democrats and reaffirms CBP labeling Ecuorian gangs as terrorist organizations.</p> </div></div> </div> </div> <div><p> <span>NEW</span>You can now listen to Fox News articles! </p></div> <p>U.S. Secretary of State <a href="https://www.foxnews.com/category/person/marco-rubio">Marco Rubio</a> said on Thursday that the U.S. would respond after former Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro was convicted of plotting a coup to remain in power after his loss in the 2022 election, although the secretary did not go into detail about what a U.S. response would look .</p> <p>"The political persecutions by sanctioned human rights abuser Alexandre de Moraes continue, as he and others on Brazil's supreme court have unjustly ruled to imprison former President Jair Bolsonaro," Rubio wrote on X.</p> <p>"The United States will respond accordingly to this witch hunt," he continued.</p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/category/world/world-regions/brazil">Brazil's Foreign Ministry</a> argued that Rubio's represented a threat that "attacks Brazilian authority and ignores the facts and the compelling evidence in the records."</p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-min-sanctions-brazilian-judge-overseeing-bolsonaro-coup-plot-probe"><strong>TRUMP MIN SANCTIONS BRAZILIAN JUDGE OVERSEEING BOLSONARO COUP-PLOT PROBE</strong></a></p> <div> <div><div><p><span>U.S. Secretary of State Marco Rubio said the U.S. would respond after former Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro was convicted of plotting a coup to remain in power after his loss in the 2022 election.</span> <span>(Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>The ministry said Brazilian democracy would not be intimidated by the U.S. government.</p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/category/person/jair-bolsonaro">Bolsonaro was sentenced</a> to 27 years and three months in prison when he was convicted by the country's Supreme Court on Thursday on charges of plotting a coup to stop President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva from taking office in January 2023.</p> <p>The former Brazilian leer was a close ally of U.S. President Donald Trump during the first Trump ministration.</p> <p>"Well, I watched that trial. I know him pretty well. I thought he was a good president of Brazil, and it's very surprising that could happen very much they tried to do with me, but they didn't get away with it at all," Trump told reporters, noting the legal cases against the U.S. president in recent years at the state and federal level, which included his conviction in New York.</p> <p>"But I can always say this: I knew him as president of Brazil. He was a good man," he ded.</p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/world/rubio-announces-visa-revocationson-brazilian-judge-political-witch-hunt-against-ex-president-bolsonaro"><strong>RUBIO ANNOUNCES VISA REVOCATIONS ON BRAZILIAN JUDGE FOR 'POLITICAL WITH HUNT' AGAINST EX-PRESIDENT BOLSONARO</strong></a></p> <div> <div><div><p><span>Former Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro was sentenced to 27 years and three months in prison.</span> <span>(Reuters)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>Trump has criticized the Brazilian judicial system and threatened tariffs on the country for its case against Bolsonaro.</p> <p>In July, the U.S. president placed 50% tariffs on most Brazilian goods in response to a "witch hunt" against Bolsonaro. He later exempted some Brazilian exports, including passenger vehicles and numerous parts and components used in civil aircraft.</p> <p>Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Alexandre de Moraes, his unspecified allies on the court and his immediate family members will face visa revocations, according to Rubio, who criticized what he called a "political witch hunt" against the former president.</p> <p>That same month, Rubio announced visa revocations on Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Alexandre de Moraes, who presided over Bolsonaro's criminal case, and his unspecified allies on the court after the court issued warrants and restraining orders against Bolsonaro.</p> <p>The U.S. Treasury Department h also sanctioned the judge over allegations of authorizing arbitrary pre-trial detentions and suppressing freedom of expression.</p> <div> <div><div><p><span>Brazil's former President Jair Bolsonaro was a close ally of U.S. President Donald Trump during the first Trump ministration.</span> <span>(AP Photo/Luis Nova)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/apps-products?pid=AppArticleLink"><strong><u>CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP</u></strong></a></p> <p>Bolsonaro's son, Brazilian Congressman Eduardo Bolsonaro, said he anticipates ditional U.S. sanctions against Brazilian justices ing his father's conviction.</p> <p>"We are going to have a firm response with actions from the U.S. government against this dictatorship that is being installed in Brazil," he told Reuters on Thursday.</p> <p>He warned that justices who voted to convict the former president could face sanctions under the Magnitsky Act, which was ly used by the Trump ministration against de Moraes.</p> <p>"If these Supreme Court justices keep ing Moraes, they also run the risk of facing the same sanction," he said.</p> <p><i>Reuters contributed to this report.</i></p> <p></p> </div> </div>
