---
id: 2e6414fc9f2bd4c36cae9bd2a3f24b85
title: 'Charlie Kirk assassination: Dispatch audio reveals suspect in black tactical
  gear, carrying long gun'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T14:36:48.240402'
created_at: '2025-09-12T14:36:48.240394'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: Fox News US
  url: https://www.foxnews.com/us/charlie-kirk-assassination-dispatch-audio-reveals-suspect-black-tactical-gear-carrying-long-gun
  published_at: '2025-09-11T13:41:17'
---

# Charlie Kirk assassination: Dispatch audio reveals suspect in black tactical gear, carrying long gun

Charlie Kirk died after being shot in the neck during his speaking event at Utah Valley University, with the gunman firing from approximately 200 yards away.

Charlie Kirk fatally shot by assassin at Utah campus, manhunt underway | Fox News <div><div> <div> <div> <div><div> <p>Dispatch audio reveals the moment police responded to the fatal shooting of conservative activist Charlie Kirk at Utah Valley University on Sept. 10, 2025. (Credit: Brocastify)</p> </div></div> </div> </div> <div><p> <span>NEW</span>You can now listen to Fox News articles! </p></div> <p>OREM, Utah – Dispatch audio reveals the frantic moments after an unidentified assassin shot and killed conservative speaker and Turning Point USA founder <a href="https://www.foxnews.com/category/media/charlie-kirk">Charlie Kirk</a> on a college campus Wednesday afternoon.</p> <p>The call came in around 12:20 p.m. — about 20 minutes into Kirk's "<a href="https://www.foxnews.com/us/turning-point-usa-co-founder-charlie-kirk-shot-kickoff-day-american-comeback-tour">American Comeback Tour</a>" appearance at Utah Valley University, according to school officials. He h been invited to speak by the campus' chapter of TPUSA.</p> <p>A dispatcher said a single individual h been shot, and it was "unknown where the shooter went."</p> <p>The manhunt remained active Thursday morning. Investigators said Thursday morning that they traced the sniper's escape route and recovered a "high-powered, bolt-action rifle," according to FBI Salt Lake City Special Agent in Charge Robert Bohls. He said investigators also obtained foot, palm and forearm imprints linked to the crime.</p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/us/video-shows-moments-before-assassination-turning-point-usa-founder-charlie-kirk"><strong>VIDEO SHOWS MOMENTS BEFORE ASSASSINATION OF TURNING POINT USA FOUNDER CHARLIE KIRK</strong></a></p> <div> <div><div><p><span>Charlie Kirk appears at Utah Valley University on Sept. 10, 2025, in Orem, Utah. Kirk, founder of Turning Point USA, was speaking at his "American Comeback Tour" when he was shot in the neck and killed.</span> <span>(Trent Nelson/The Salt Lake Tribune/Getty Images)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>"Be vised, UVU in Orem has h an active shooter at the Charlie Kirk event," a dispatcher said over the rio after the shooting, according to audio provided by Brocastify. "We're getting several calls. I'm trying to get more information."</p> <h2>WATCH: Possible escape route of Charlie Kirk's assassin</h2> <p>"They requesting help?" a man's voice replied.</p> <p>"We're not sure yet," she said. "We're just trying to get units that way."</p> <p>Police were alrey on scene. So was a private security team hired by Kirk, which helped rush him <a href="https://www.foxnews.com/us/charlie-kirk-shot-utah-event-hospitalized">to the hospital</a>. He was the only reported injury.</p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/politics/vigils-held-across-us-after-assassination-charlie-kirk-we-must-heal"><strong>VIGILS HELD ACROSS US AFTER ASSASSINATION OF CHARLIE KIRK: 'WE MUST HEAL'</strong></a></p> <div> <div><div><p><span>Charlie Kirk speaks before he is shot during Turning Point's visit to Utah Valley University in Orem, Utah, Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2025.</span> <span>(Tess Crowley/The Deseret News via AP)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>Later, dispatchers discussed a <a href="https://www.foxnews.com/category/crime">suspect description</a>.</p> <p>"He’s going to be wearing all black, black long gun, black tactical helmet, a black mask, possibly wearing a tactical vest and jeans," a female dispatcher said over the rio, according to recordings.</p> <h2>WATCH: Police tape off scene near where Charlie Kirk was shot</h2> <p>Authorities said the killer arrived around 11:52 a.m. and climbed onto a rooftop through a campus building's stairwell. The 31-year-old Kirk's event began at noon. After the shooting, the suspected assassin jumped down the other side of the building and fled into a neighborhood, where police were canvassing for video evidence.</p> <p>On Thursday police were taping off the scene near where Kirk was assassinated.</p> <div> <div><div><p><span>Investigators a taped-off area in Orem, Utah, Thursday, September 11, 2025. The is believed to be related to the hunt for evidence in the assassination of Charlie Kirk yesterday during a rally at UVU.</span> <span>(Derek Shook for Fox News Digital)</span></p></div></div> </div> <div> <div><div><p><span>FBI and Department of Public Safety forensic teams collecting evidence ing the fatal shooting of conservative activist Charlie Kirk on the Utah Valley University campus in Orem, Utah on September 11, 2025.</span> <span>(Fox News Digital/Peter D'Abrosca)</span></p></div></div> </div> <div> <div><div><p><span>An FBI agent looks near Utah Valley University where evidence was collected as authorities investigate the shooting of political activist Charlie Kirk on September 11, 2025 in Orem, Utah. </span> <span>(Michael Ciaglo/Getty Images)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>Police initially took a man named George Zinn into custody, charged him with obstruction and released him. A second person of interest, identified as Zachariah Qureshi, was also taken into custody, questioned and released.</p> <h2>WATCH: Police race to Charlie Kirk’s assassination</h2> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/us/what-we-know-charlie-kirk-shooting-utah-valley-university"><strong>SUSPECT IN CHARLIE KIRK SHOOTING: WHAT WE KNOW AND DON'T KNOW AT THIS HOUR</strong></a></p> <p>"There are no current ties to the shooting with either of these individuals," a Utah Department of Public Safety spokeswoman said in a statement. "There is an ongoing investigation and manhunt for the shooter."</p> <div> <div><div><p><span>The crowd reacts after Charlie Kirk is shot at Utah Valley University Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2025, in Orem, Utah.</span> <span>(Tess Crowley/The Deseret News via AP)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>Kirk, a 31-year-old father of two, was sitting under a tent, debating with students on hot-button current affairs issues, when the <a href="https://www.foxnews.com/category/us/crime/homicide">unidentified killer</a> opened fire.</p> <div> <div><div><p><span>Investigators a taped-off area in Orem, Utah, Thursday, September 11, 2025. The is believed to be related to the hunt for evidence in the assassination of Charlie Kirk yesterday during a rally at UVU.</span> <span>(Derek Shook for Fox News Digital)</span></p></div></div> </div> <div> <div><div><p><span>FBI and Department of Public Safety forensic teams collecting evidence ing the fatal shooting of conservative activist Charlie Kirk on the Utah Valley University campus in Orem, Utah on September 11, 2025.</span> <span>(Fox News Digital/Peter D'Abrosca)</span></p></div></div> </div> <div> <div><div><p><span>FBI and Department of Public Safety forensic teams collecting evidence ing the fatal shooting of conservative activist Charlie Kirk on the Utah Valley University campus in Orem, Utah on September 11, 2025.</span> <span>(Fox News Digital/Peter D'Abrosca)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>A single gunshot cracked through the air, according to videos of the event. Witnesses screamed in horror and fled for cover after the bullet struck Kirk in the neck. He was rushed to a hospital and later pronounced de.</p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/category/media/charlie-kirk"><strong>COMPLETE COVERAGE OF CHARLIE KIRK</strong></a></p> <div> <div><div><p><span>First responders work the scene where political activist Charlie Kirk was shot during an event at Utah Valley University on Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2025 in Orem, Utah.</span> <span>(George Frey/Getty Images)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>Other video circulating online appears to show a dark-cl figure on a rooftop. Authorities said the gunshot came from about 200 yards away, ly from a perch atop the Losee Center building, which is on the opposite side of the plaza from where Kirk was speaking.</p> <p><a href="https://www.foxnews.com/apps-products?pid=AppArticleLink"><strong><u>CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP</u></strong></a></p> <p>"It's going to be basic police work here," said David Katz, a former DEA special agent and the CEO of Global Security Group. "They should be pulling every cellphone ping from that small geographic area."</p> <div> <div><div><p><span>This still image taken from video appears to show a figure wearing black on top of a roof across from where Kirk was fatally struck.</span> <span>(Credit: @Doug_Zimmer1/X)</span></p></div></div> </div> <p>He said <a href="https://www.foxnews.com/category/us/us-regions/west/utah">Utah investigators</a> would also be looking back at surveillance video for weeks to see if anyone accessed the same rooftop.</p> <p>"They need to be focused on mechanisms of escape," he said. "Every single car in the area. I imagine he didn't get away on public transportation in Utah, so it's got to be a vehicle. After the shot, it would have taken seconds for him to get down. I don't know if he discarded the gun, but it would have been a simple matter of changing your shirt and leaving the area quickly."</p> <p></p> </div> </div>
