---
id: 2edc36c6f66a6b79b5dd57d9637e1a67
title: 'BREAKING: President Trump Announces Charlie Kirk’s Killer is Now in Custody
  (VIDEO)'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T18:22:13.140844'
created_at: '2025-09-12T18:22:13.140838'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/breaking-president-trump-announces-charlie-kirks-killer-is/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T12:26:28'
---

The terrorist who assassinated TPUSA founder and conservative hero Charlie Kirk is now in custody.

BREAKING: President Trump Announces Charlie Kirk's Killer is Now in Custody (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by Cullen Linebarger The terrorist who assassinated TPUSA founder and conservative hero Charlie Kirk is now in custody. President Trump me the announcement this morning during and interview on Fox and Friends. “I think with a high degree of certainty, we have him in custody,” Trump said. “Everyone did a great job.” WATCH: . @POTUS on his successful crime crackdown in Washington, D.C.: "It's a crime free area." pic.twitter.com/Ycq1t1ZKPN — Rapid Response 47 (@RapidResponse47) September 12, 2025 Trump went on to say that the shooter’s father turned him in with the help of a minister involved with law enforcement. “They drove into the police hequarters, Trump said. He’s there now.” BREAKING: President Trump says a MINISTER involved with law enforcement got the Charlie Kirk assassin's father to turn the shooter in. "They drove into the police hequarters. He's there now." It was ALL HANDS ON DECK. pic.twitter.com/TIOYozbqQp — Eric Daugherty (@EricLDaugh) September 12, 2025 Trump also stated he just learned this news just five minutes before walking in to the interview. A press conference will be held a 9 AM by FBI director Kash Patel, presumably to reveal the assassin’s identity. This is a breaking news story and will be updated.
