---
id: 356503963cef396ec6722e3213c48806
title: 'WOW: Evil Pelosi Defends Democrats’ Violent Rhetoric After Assassin Murders
  Charlie Kirk (VIDEO)'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T23:34:18.302537'
created_at: '2025-09-12T23:34:18.302529'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/wow-evil-pelosi-defends-democrats-violent-rhetoric-after/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T23:20:17'
---

Former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi defended Democrats’ violent rhetoric after a left-wing assassin murdered TPUSA founder Charlie Kirk at a Utah Valley University campus this week.

WOW: Evil Pelosi Defends Democrats' Violent Rhetoric After Assassin Murders Charlie Kirk (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila Former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi defended Democrats’ violent rhetoric after a left-wing assassin murdered TPUSA founder Charlie Kirk at a Utah Valley University campus this week. Conservative political activist Charlie Kirk was gunned down by a leftist who hated him this week. Tyler Robinson, 22, was taken into custody on Friday morning after his father turned him in to authorities. Friends and family said Robinson h become more political in recent years. The 22-year-old became ricalized by the left, and inste of debating Charlie Kirk on the open mic, he killed him from a rooftop 200 yards away. Charlie Kirk was assassinated after Democrats and their media stenographers h glorified violence against Trump supporters for years. WATCH: You will NOT gaslight your way out of this. NOT this time. The Democrat Party must finally look in the mirror, condemn the political violence they’ve unleashed, and apologize for poisoning an entire generation into believing conservatives are “fascist threats” to democracy.… pic.twitter.com/iw8YnQJHah — Wesley Hunt (@WesleyHuntTX) September 12, 2025 After calling Trump supporters a threat to democracy for years, it finally happened. Just one year after President Trump was shot in the ear at a rally in Butler, Pennsylvania, Charlie Kirk, one of the most influential conservative voices, was murdered in bro daylight. Rather than condemn the violent rhetoric coming from vile Democrats, Pelosi defended it and took zero accountability. “People don’t have any intention of saying something that les to something dangerous. We cannot take responsibility for the minds,” evil Democrat Pelosi said. WATCH: WOW Nancy Pelosi DEFENDS violent rhetoric & REFUSES to take any accountability for championing movements that led to the assassination of Kirk. “People don’t have any intention of saying something that les to something dangerous. We cannot take responsibility for the minds.” pic.twitter.com/fy5zY2yNwQ — Townhall.com (@townhallcom) September 12, 2025
