---
id: 38f2d4d4a977828d8179b75179cde50c
title: Scientists identify secret ingredient in Leonardo da Vinci paintings
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T14:55:22.360369'
created_at: '2025-09-12T14:55:22.360362'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: CNN World
  url: https://www.cnn.com/style/article/old-masters-da-vinci-egg-yolk-painting-scn/index.html
  published_at: '2023-03-30T17:43:18'
---

# Scientists identify secret ingredient in Leonardo da Vinci paintings

"Old Masters" such as Leonardo da Vinci, Sandro Botticelli and Rembrandt may have used proteins, especially egg yolk, in their oil paintings, according to a new study.

An Old Master’s secret ingredient? Egg yolk, new study suggests | CNN <div><div> <p> <b>Editor’s Note: </b> for CNN’s Wonder Theory science . <a href="https://www.cnn.com/s/wonder-theory?source=nl-acq_article">Explore the universe with news on fascinating discoveries, scientific vancements and more</a>. </p> <p> <cite> <span>CNN</span> — </cite> </p> <p> “Old Masters” such as Leonardo da Vinci,</p> <p> Trace quantities of protein residue have long been detected in classic oil paintings, though they were often ascribed to contamination. A <a href="https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-023-36859-5">new study published Tuesday</a> in the journal</p> <p> “There are very few written sources about this and no scientific work has been done before to investigate the subject in such depth,” said study author Ophélie Ranquet of the Institute of Mechanical Process Engineering and Mechanics at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany, in a phone interview. “Our results show that even with a very small amount of egg yolk, you can achieve an amazing change of properties in the oil paint, demonstrating how it might have been beneficial for the artists.” </p> <p> Simply ding some egg yolk to their works, it turns out, could have long-lasting effects that went beyond just aesthetics. </p> <h2> Eggs vs. oil </h2> <p> Compared with the medium formulated by ancient Egyptians called</p> <p> Because making paint was an artisanal and experimental process, it is possible that the Old Masters might have ded egg yolk, a familiar ingredient, to the newer type of paint, which first showed up in the seventh century in Central Asia before <a href="https://www.npg.org.uk/collections/re/programmes/making-art-in-tudor-britain/workshops/workshop-2-abstract-7.php">spreing to Northern Europe</a> in the Middle Ages and Italy during the Renaissance. In the study, the reers recreated the process of paint-making by using four ingredients — egg yolk, distilled water, linseed oil and pigment — to mix two historically and significant colors, le white and ultramarine blue. </p> <p> “The dition of egg yolk is beneficial because it can tune the properties of these paints in a drastic way,” Ranquet said, “For example by showing aging differently: It takes a longer time for the paint to oxidize, because of the antioxidants contained in the yolk.” </p> <p> The chemical reactions between the oil, the pigment and the proteins in the yolk directly affect the paint’s behavior and viscosity. “For example, the le white pigment is quite sensitive to humidity, but if you coat it with a protein layer, it makes it a lot more resistant to it, making the paint quite easy to apply,” Ranquet said. </p> <p> “On the other hand, if you wanted something stiffer without having to d a lot of pigment, with a bit of egg yolk you can create a high impasto paint,” she ded, referring to a painting technique where the paint is laid out in a stroke thick enough that the brushstrokes are still visible. Using less pigment would have been desirable centuries ago, when certain pigments — such as lapis lazuli, which was used to make ultramarine blue — were more expensive than gold, according to Ranquet. </p> <div> <div> <p> <span>"The Monna of the Carnation," on display at the Alte Pinakothek in Munich, Germany, is one of Leonardo da Vinci's earliest paintings. Wrinkling of the oil paint is evident on the faces. </span> </p> <figcaption>DeAgostini/Getty Images</figcaption> </div> </div> <p> A direct evidence of the effect of egg yolk in oil paint, or lack thereof, can be seen in Leonardo da Vinci’s “Monna of the Carnation,”</p> <p> “Oil paint starts to dry from the surface down, which is why it wrinkles,” Ranquet said. </p> <p> One reason for wrinkling may be an insufficient quantity of pigments in the paint, and the study has shown that this effect could be avoided with the dition of egg yolk: “That’s quite amazing because you have the same quantity of pigment in your paint, but the presence of the egg yolk changes everything.” </p> <p> Because wrinkling occurs within days, it’s ly that Leonardo and other</p> <h2> New understanding of the classics </h2> <p> Another painting observed during the study was “The Lamentation Over the De Christ,” by Botticelli, also on display at the Alte Pinakothek. The work is mostly me with tempera, but oil paint has been used for the background and some secondary elements. </p> <p> “We knew that some parts of the paintings show brushstrokes that are typical for what we call an oil painting, and yet we detected the presence of proteins,” Ranquet said. “Because it’s a very small quantity and they are difficult to detect, this might be dismissed as contamination: In workshops, artists used many different things, and maybe the eggs were just from the tempera.” </p> <p> However, because ding</p> <p> Maria Perla Colombini, a professor of analytical chemistry at the University of Pisa in Italy, who was not involved in the study, agreed. “This exciting paper provides a new scenario for the understanding of old painting techniques,” she said in an email. </p> <p> “The re group, reporting results from molecular level up to a macroscopic scale, contributes to a new knowledge in the use of egg yolk and oil binders. They are not more looking at simply identifying the materials used by Old Masters but explain how they could produce wonderful and glittering effects by employing and mixing the few available natural materials. They try to discover the secrets of old recipes of which little or nothing is written,” she ded. </p> <p> “This new knowledge contributes not only to a better conservation and preservation of artworks but also to a better comprehension of art history.” </p> <p> <br><em>Top image: The “Mona Lisa” by Leonardo Da Vinci</em> </p> </div> </div>
