---
id: 3ac15bacd75d4e1788481a442425aae2
title: 'DEVELOPING: Police Evacuate Area Around Kirk Assassin’s Home After Receiving
  “Concerning Information”'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T20:34:18.694147'
created_at: '2025-09-12T20:34:18.694138'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/developing-police-evacuate-area-around-kirk-assassins-home/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T20:20:26'
---

Authorities evacuated the area around Kirk assassin Tyler Robinson’s family home in Utah, as the FBI conducted a raid after receiving “concerning information.” Charlie Kirk assassin Tyler Robinson, 22, was taken into custody on Friday morning after his father confronted him ab...

DEVELOPING: Police Evacuate Area Around Kirk Assassin's Home After Receiving "Concerning Information" | The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila Authorities evacuated the area around Kirk assassin Tyler Robinson’s family home in Utah, as the FBI conducted a raid after receiving “concerning information.” Charlie Kirk assassin Tyler Robinson, 22, was taken into custody on Friday morning after his father confronted him about the murder. Charlie Kirk was murdered in cold blood on Wednesday at an event at Utah Valley University after Robinson opened fire from an elevated position from a rooftop. Robinson’s father, a veteran police officer, confronted him after Utah authorities released new photos of the suspect on Thursday. A police K-9 was seen at the Robinson family home after the neighbors and reporters were told to step away from the area. “Moments ago, police told us we h to evacuate the area that they got some type of concerning information basically in front of or around the family home. Not sure what that concerning information is, but there is also a chopper above and authorities told us we h to clear the area,” Fox News reported. Robinson lived in a middleclass neighborhood about 250 miles away from where he murdered Charlie Kirk. More from Fox News: BREAKING: Police have EVACUATED the area around the Charlie Kirk kiIIer's home after receiving "concerning information," per Fox It's unclear what that information is related to. Further threats of vioIence from the left would not be a surprise to anyone. pic.twitter.com/PWWmdS833t — Nick Sortor (@nicksortor) September 12, 2025 The FBI is reportedly conducting a raid at a nearby apartment complex. Watch Live: DEVELOPING…
