---
id: 3d4e633a35116cab601dc28879629ab1
title: 'WATCH: Trump Asked About Dealing with ‘Right Wing Radicals,’ Responds ‘The
  Radicals on the Left are the Problem’'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T19:54:19.650628'
created_at: '2025-09-12T19:54:19.650619'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/watch-trump-asked-about-dealing-right-wing-radicals/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T19:45:26'
---

In an interview on Fox & Friends Thursday morning, President Donald Trump flatly rejected any suggestion that “right-wing radicals” are contributing to America’s political violence, insisting instead that the real danger comes from the radical left.

WATCH: Trump Asked About Dealing with 'Right Wing Ricals,' Responds 'The Ricals on the Left are the Problem' | The Gateway Pundit | by Cassandra MacDonald In an interview on Fox & Friends Thursday morning, President Donald Trump flatly rejected any suggestion that “right-wing ricals” are contributing to America’s political violence, insisting inste that the real danger comes from the rical left. Trump h revealed on air that a suspect in Charlie Kirk’s assassination, who we now know to be 22-year-old far-left extremist Tyler Robinson, was in custody. Co-host Ainsley Earhardt asked Trump how the nation should dress ricals on both sides of the political spectrum. “We have ricals on the right as well. How do we fix this country?” Earhardt asked. Trump did not hold back with his response. “I’ll tell you something that’s gonna get me in trouble, but I couldn’t care less,” Trump began. “The ricals on the right oftentimes are rical because they don’t want to see crime. The ricals on the left are the problem.” The president ded that they are “vicious” and “horrible” people. Trump is asked about right-wing ricals and refuses to disavow them. “The ricals on the right oftentimes are rical because they don’t want to see crime. The ricals on the left are the problem.” : @AFpost pic.twitter.com/zUcL3ReDaG — AF Post (@AFpost) September 12, 2025 “They’re vicious, and they’re horrible and they’re politically savvy — although they want men in women’s sports, they want transgender for everyone, they want open borders,” Trump continued. Trump h expressed a similar sentiment in an Oval Office dress ing Kirk’s political assassination on Wednesday. “For years, those on the rical left have compared wonderful Americans Charlie to Nazis and the world’s worst mass murderers and criminals,” Trump said. “This kind of rhetoric is directly responsible for the terrorism that we’re seeing in our country today.” Robinson h become very political and hateful in recent years, according to his family. He h etched “Hey fascist! Catch!!” onto one of the bullet casings. Robinson has been charged with aggravated murder, obstruction of justice, and felony discharge of a firearm. Utah is a death penalty state, meaning Robinson will be eligible to face a firing squ if convicted.
