---
id: 3eb799f4721f3bd57f7fd946024063dc
title: Utah College Student Reported Suspicious Man on Losee Center Roof to FBI After
  Spotting Him Twice in Two Weeks Before Charlie Kirk Assassination — Says Suspect
  Matches Person of Interest and Was Confronted by Professor
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T18:21:43.202740'
created_at: '2025-09-12T18:21:43.202731'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/utah-college-student-reported-suspicious-man-losee-center/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T13:30:14'
---

A Utah Valley University student revealed to CNN that he spotted a suspicious man walking on or near the roof of the Losee Center twice in two weeks before Kirk was assassinated.

Utah College Student Reported Suspicious Man on Losee Center Roof to FBI After Spotting Him Twice in Two Weeks Before Charlie Kirk Assassination - Says Suspect Matches Person of Interest and Was Confronted by Professor | The Gateway Pundit | by Jim Hᴏft A Utah Valley University student revealed to CNN that he spotted a suspicious man walking on or near the roof of the Losee Center twice in two weeks before Kirk was assassinated. Even more alarming, he says the man he saw bears a striking resemblance to the person of interest whose photo has now been released by police. The Utah Department of Public Safety released four ditional photos of the suspected Charlie Kirk assassin on Thursday night. Earlier in the day, the FBI h unveiled the first batch of images of the person of interest in the assassination. We’re releasing ditional photos of the person of interest in connection with the murder of Charlie Kirk at Utah Valley University. Please send all tips available to: https://t.co/XXzYBH1GkE pic.twitter.com/DgLOlrU6Cx — Utah Public Safety (@UtahDPS) September 12, 2025 “It was weird,” the student told CNN. According to the student, he me a report to the FBI tipline after the shooting, alerting federal authorities that he h seen this figure. More from the far-left news outlet: “The student said he last saw the person on the roof last Wednesday at noon, a week before the shooting. He told CNN that he reported his observations to the FBI tipline after the shooting, but has not heard back. The student described the man as a “tall, skinny-ish white dude [who] h dark hair. He h this backpack on and was wearing dark clothes.” He ded that the man was looking down at the courtyard area where Kirk’s speaking engagement was later held. At the time, the student said, he thought it unusual for a person to be near the roof, but he did not report it to authorities. He said a professor also noticed the man on the roof and called out to him. According to the student, the professor asked, “Hey, man, are you doing all right?” and the man on the roof “just kind of dismissed what he said.”
