---
id: 6bf8200f0c65cd33a4c79f8e1c37a3b1
title: Ireland’s Prime Minister Declares ‘Ireland For The Irish’ an Incitement to
  Violence (VIDEO)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T18:22:18.261226'
created_at: '2025-09-12T18:22:18.261220'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/irelands-prime-minister-declares-ireland-irish-incitement-violence/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T12:15:44'
---

Ireland’s Taoiseach has claimed the phrase “Ireland for the Irish” amounts to an incitement of violence.

The Gateway Pundit | by Ben Kew Ireland’s Taoiseach has claimed the phrase “Ireland for the Irish” amounts to an incitement of violence. According to the Irish Examiner , Prime Minister Micheál Martin said that his country was at a “very serious crossros.” “There is a narrative growing in this country which is trying to other people because of their colour, their race, their creed,” Martin said. “I think the vast, vast majority of Irish people recoil at this, but we have to be better, more strategic in dealing with this and engaging with this because this is undermining the dignity of every child born in this country.” Martin ded that phrases “Ireland for the Irish” promote violence against minorities and undermine societal cohesion. “This is, to me now, an emerging societal issue for us all,” he continued. “Where do we want Ireland to go? What kind of society do we want?” “We’ve developed, we’ve progressed. We can’t regress and that means conversations and engaging with people.” “It’s tantamount to an incitement and it needs to stop. Irish society needs to take stock.” NEW – Ireland’s PM (Taoiseach) says that the phrase “‘Ireland for the Irish'” is equivalent to incitement of violence. pic.twitter.com/XMhUXHs2fn — Disclose.tv (@disclosetv) September 11, 2025 His remarks come amid mounting public outrage in Ireland over mass immigration and the unwillingness of politicians to tighten the country’s border. Ireland Unite – Tens of Thousands of Protesters take to the streets in protest of their treasonous Globalist Government pic.twitter.com/JHOnUmfgyK — Concerned Citizen (@BGatesIsaPyscho) April 26, 2025 The Taoiseach of Ireland Micheál Martin has stated people who say Ireland is for the Irish are inciting violence. First they tried to ban our flag, now this. Allow me to be very clear Taoiseach, Ireland belongs to the Irish. pic.twitter.com/K6uwQ5IhWh — MichaeloKeeffe (@Mick_O_Keeffe) September 11, 2025 As ly reported by The Gateway Pundit, Michael Martin is a far-left rical who has long vocated for mass immigration and aggressive hate speech laws against those who oppose it. President Trump is meeting the leer of Ireland today. A man who : – Tried to impose hate speech laws. – Me Irish people second class citizens under law by introducing hate crime laws. – Flooded Ireland with immigrants – mitted breaking the economy in 2008. – Doesn’t… — MichaeloKeeffe (@Mick_O_Keeffe) March 12, 2025
