---
id: 77b13df7c39622c94d9a010f80e736cb
title: NFL Shows More Class Than House Democrats – Holds Moment of Silence for Charlie
  Kirk at Packers Commanders Game (VIDEO)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T18:22:46.552408'
created_at: '2025-09-12T18:22:46.552401'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/nfl-shows-more-class-than-house-democrats-holds/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T01:50:44'
---

Yesterday, House Republicans tried to hold a moment of silence for Charlie Kirk and were basically shouted down by House Democrats.

NFL Shows More Class Than House Democrats - Holds Moment of Silence for Charlie Kirk at Packers Commanders Game (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by Mike LaChance Yesterday, House Republicans tried to hold a moment of silence for Charlie Kirk and were basically shouted down by House Democrats. It was a sickening display. The NFL has just shown that they have more class than House Democrats. They held a moment of silence for Kirk at the Packers/Commanders game. The New York Yankees did this last night, too. Isn’t it amazing that these pro-sports leagues have a better sense of common decency than most Democrats serving in the House of Representatives? FOX News reported: NFL holds moment of silence for Charlie Kirk at Packers-Commanders game after assassination The NFL held a moment of silent reflection before the Green Bay Packers–Washington Commanders “Thursday Night Football” game for Charlie Kirk ing his assassination at Utah Valley University on Wednesday. The aftermath of Kirk’s death has led to millions showing support for his family, including the NFL before kickoff on Thursday night at Lambeau Field. “The National Football League asks us that you please join us in a silent reflection ing the murder of Charlie Kirk. The NFL condemns all violence in our communities. It will take all of us to stop hate,” the PA announcer re over the speakers. Many in the NFL world reacted in mourning and devastation after news that Kirk was shot, including former quarterback Tim Tebow. The Heisman Trophy winner warned that “evil is real” in the wake of the shooting at the college campus. “Evil is real. There is no doubt, the enemy is hard at work,” Tebow wrote on X. “These last few days, the weight of evil has been heavy across our nation. But this I know: It will not have the final word. One day, God will make all things right. See the clip below: The Packers and NFL held a moment of silence for Charlie Kirk, as shown on the Amazon Prime Video 'Thursday Night Football' brocast. pic.twitter.com/QUZv7VDJe6 — Awful Announcing (@awfulannouncing) September 12, 2025 A moment of silence is really the bare minimum in a case this. What is it about this that Democrats don’t seem to understand?
