---
id: 7c6ec20a87d7151182261a65a3209d76
title: Utah and Federal Officials Admit They Have “No Idea” Where Charlie Kirk’s Assassin
  is Located at This Time
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T18:22:27.527718'
created_at: '2025-09-12T18:22:27.527712'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/utah-federal-officials-admit-they-have-no-idea/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T11:45:26'
---

Over 24 hours have passed since the tragic assassination of TPUSA founder Charlie Kirk, yet both Utah and federal officials have admitted they still have “no idea” where the shooter is.

Utah and Federal Officials mit They Have "No Idea" Where Charlie Kirk's Assassin is Located at This Time | The Gateway Pundit | by Anthony Scott Over 24 hours have passed since the tragic assassination of TPUSA founder Charlie Kirk, yet both Utah and federal officials have mitted they still have “no idea” where the shooter is. Utah Department of Public Safety Beau Mason has revealed that authorities have no idea whether Charlie Kirk’s assassin is still in Utah or outside state lines. Mason explained that they have a person of interest, but they are still asking for the public’s help in locating him. WATCH: Reporter: Is it your understanding that this individual may be close by or still in Utah? Beau Mason, the he of Utah’s Department Public Safety: We have no idea. We’re exploring les for individuals out of state and. Individuals that live close by. We literally have persons… pic.twitter.com/OgK7MkMW2D — Acyn (@Acyn) September 12, 2025 Per CNN : Authorities have “no idea” whether the suspect in Charlie Kirk’s shooting is still in Utah or across state lines, Utah Department of Public Safety Commissioner Beau Mason told NBC News in an interview today. “We have no idea,” Mason told an NBC News correspondent when asked whether Kirk’s suspected shooter may still be close to the site of the shooting or even within state lines. “We’re exploring les for individuals that live close by,” he continued. “We literally have persons of interest, tips coming in on the tip line, that are spanning far and wide.” FBI Director Kash Patel and Deputy Director Dan Bongino have travelled to Utah to participate in the manhunt. LOOK: NOW — Kash Patel & Dan Bongino have joined the manhunt in Utah pic.twitter.com/26JpWAPeUp — Chief Nerd (@TheChiefNerd) September 12, 2025 Mason’s remarks come as the FBI held a brief press conference and revealed new video footage of the suspect running across the roof of a school building at Utah Valley University. RE: NEW VIDEO… FBI and Utah Officials Release New Video and Photos of Alleged Charlie Kirk Assassin – On Roof and Jumping Off Campus Building
