---
id: 83b4dd33307edfabb71f84c70b5e4afa
title: Virginia Republican Nick Freitas’s Epic Response to Democrats Following Charlie
  Kirk’s Assassination “Do not expect us to go quietly into the night” (Video)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T18:20:52.897967'
created_at: '2025-09-12T18:20:52.897959'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/virginia-republican-nick-freitas-epic-response-democrats-following/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T16:45:15'
---

Virginia Republican State Rep.

Virginia Republican Nick Freitas's Epic Response to Democrats ing Charlie Kirk's Assassination "Do not expect us to go quietly into the night" (Video) | The Gateway Pundit | by Margaret Flavin Virginia Republican State Rep. Nick Freitas’s powerful s ing the assassination of conservative icon Charlie Kirk have gone viral, and Democrats are alrey trying to pretend to be the victims. On X, Freitas wrote this about Charlie and what conservatives are facing at the hands of the violent left emboldened and fomented by Democrat politicians Barack Obama , cheered on by the legacy media. I am told that as a state representative this is the moment where I’m supposed to express my heartfelt condolences and then stand in solidarity with those on the other side of the aisle as we condemn political violence and stand unified as one people. But we aren’t “one people” are we? The truth is we haven’t been for some time now, and there is really no point in pretending anymore, if there ever was. We are two very different peoples. We may occupy the same piece of geography, but that is where the similarities seem to abruptly end. I convinced myself for a long time that whenever the left called me a racist, a bigot, a sexist, a fascist, a “threat to democracy” for even the most innocent of disagreements, that it was simply hyperbolic rhetoric done for effect. And now the “effect” is a widow and two orphaned children, because the left couldn’t bear the thought of a peaceful man debating them and winning. I don’t think they realize it yet, but murdering Charlie is going to be remembered as the day where we finally woke up to what this fight really is. It’s not a civil dispute among fellow countrymen. It’s a war between diametrically opposed worldviews which cannot peacefully coexist with one another. One side will win, and one side will lose. Charlie tried to win that fight through argumentation, through discussion, through peaceful resolution of differences. And the other side murdered him. Not because he was “extreme” or “inciting violence” or any other hyperbolic slur they hurled at him. They murdered him because he was effective. Because he was unafraid. Because he inspired others and me them feel they h a voice, that they were not alone. And he did it at the very institutions which have fomented so much hatred toward conservatives. I don’t want to “stand in solidarity” with the other side of the aisle. I want to defeat you. I want to defeat the godless ideology that kills babies in the womb, sterilizes confused children, turns our cities into cesspools of degeneracy and lawlessness…and that murdered Charlie Kirk. Social media is aflame right now with leftist celebration of Charlie’s death. I wonder if any among them understand what has just happened. If there is a Yamamoto somewhere in their midst warning, that all they have done is awoken a sleeping giant. I doubt it. I think they gave up such introspection and self-awareness long ago. I don’t know exactly what will happen . I just know that it won’t be the same as what has happened in the past. There will be thoughts and prayers…Charlie would have wanted prayers. Not for himself but for those left behind and for the country that he loved. But then there will be a reckoning. My Christian faith requires me to love my enemies and pray for those who curse me. It does not require me to stand idly by in the midst of savagery and barbarism…quite the opposite. So every time I feel tired, every time I feel discouraged or overwhelmed, I am going to watch the video of a good man being murdered in Utah…I will force myself to watch it…and then I will return to the work of destroying the evil ideology responsible for that and so much more. Rest with God Charlie, your fight is over. Ours is just beginning. I am told that as a state representative this is the moment where I’m supposed to express my heartfelt condolences and then stand in solidarity with those on the other side of the aisle as we condemn political violence and stand unified as one people. But we aren’t “one people”… — Nick Freitas (@NickJFreitas) September 10, 2025 Democrats responded to Freitas’s remarks by, of course, trying to make themselves the victims. Freitas responded to criticism from Speaker of the Virginia House of Delegates Don Scott with fire. “It’s not a civil dispute among fellow countrymen. It’s a war between diametrically opposed worldviews which cannot peacefully coexist with one another.” “I’ve actually been in the legislature longer than you have, Don. Let me tell you something. I sat there and I remembered. I remembered how it used to be. I remember when you used to be able to sit down and disagree with one another civilly.” “And yeah, there was still some outlandish s that were me predominantly by your side of the aisle. But we were able to have those conversations. We were able to sit down in our offices and talk to each other as human beings. And then you know what happened, Don? You know what happened, Mr. Speaker?” “One the day you guys got put in charge. I remember it. I remember it. You won the House, you won the Senate. You h the governor’s mansion, the attorney general’s office. You h the lieutenant governor’s. And I watched what happened. It wasn’t just the extreme legislation that came across. It wasn’t just about trying to allow for abortion up to the point of birth or engaging in gun confiscation. It wasn’t about doing all of the things that you promised us you didn’t actually believe in.” “It was the way you treated us as individuals. It was almost as if our humanity was lost the moment you got power. Because after all, there’s no reason to be nice to us anymore. You controlled the House, you controlled the committees, you controlled the governor’s pen.” “I have watched as the Democratic Party has fully embraced the oppressor-oppressed dynamic, the critical theory view of the world, the view of the world that says that you can bifurcate all of society into those that are evil by virtue of their position, by their race, by their sex, and those who are the victims.” “And whatever the victims have to do in order to achieve liberation, whatever they have to do to achieve decolonization, or whatever buzzword you’re using right now, ultimately becomes justified. And then what do you do when somebody calls it out for what it is? You decide to spend more time and effort condemning my response, which didn’t vocate for violence. I didn’t murder someone.” “But once again, the real victims are always you guys, right?” “I have to tell you, I spent a fair amount of my life trying to come up with what I thought were good, comprehensive, coherent arguments. I remember spending time listening to the other side of the aisle express what they believed, reing through their arguments, listening to their arguments, engaging with their arguments. I remember believing that all I have to do is I have to understand their perspective and where they’re coming from and then try to be able to make the points that will illustrate that we are both Americans, we’re Virginians. We want all of our constituents to be happy, healthy, prosperous, and free. We just disagree on the way to get there. If I could find that common humanity and I could find that common problem that we were trying to solve, well, then we could come together and solve it. I’ve said so as many times on the House of Delegates floor when I was being accused of the most vile of intentions without evidence or cause.” “And so I came to a conclusion, Mr. Speaker. I was wrong. We don’t all want the same things. We don’t all want our constituents to be happy, healthy, prosperous, and free. Or to the extent that we do, we have such diametrically opposed views on how that’s going to happen, that they cannot peacefully coexist. You tell me, Mr. Speaker, what world do we live in when your party is not killing babies up to the point of birth? You tell me, Mr. Speaker, what world do we live in where you are not handing chemical castration medicine over to gender-confused 10-year-olds? You tell me, Mr. Speaker, what world do we live in when you are not going to every chance you get, try to disarm me and anybody that thinks me? When If you can answer that, I will entertain the idea that there is the possibility of these two worldviews peacefully co-existing. If you are actually willing to engage in a political philosophy which says, I will live and let live.” “But you’re not.” “Every time, every time you get power, you wield it. You wield it against the people that you see as your political enemies, and you tell all your constituents that we are evil, that we are fascists, that we are threats to their very civilization and existence. And then when they act on that, when they believe you, you act shocked?” “I will give you this much credit, Mr. Speaker. You are an intelligent man, and you are a cunning man, and I don’t buy it anymore. For all the talk the right inciting violence, Mr. Speaker, we’re not murdering you.” “We’re not murdering your speakers. We would stand by and universally condemn, prosecute, and imprison somebody that would do something that. Whereas you would fight for opportunities to let them out early. You’ve alrey done it, right, Mr. Speaker? No. No, Mr. Speaker. This wasn’t done to you, and me observing what has taken place is not devoid of facts or evidence, I assure you. It’s come from very, very carefully ing what has been taking place in our country over the last dece, beyond that even. I didn’t want this. I wanted to believe. I wanted to believe that we were all at our foundation, Americans, But we don’t the same worldview in the least bit.” “And to the extent we do, you seem completely unwilling to stop the elements of your party, the elements of your movement, the elements of your ideology from doing the most extreme and vile things.” “And so what am I supposed to do? Are we just supposed to take solace in the fact that you assure us that this is wrong, and you don’t believe it, and you don’t support it?” “Now, I think what you’re all really upset about is that for the longest time, you were able to charm us in the believing that you didn’t really believe the extreme things you said . It was just for politics. It was just to win an election.” “Well, Mr. Speaker, whether you believe it or not, the people who listen to you do believe it, and they’re willing to act on it, and they’re willing to celebrate it.” “Now, I’m going to say what I said at the beginning of this, because I not only owe it to God, I owe it to Charlie. I will not be overcome by evil, and I will diligently fight to overcome evil with good. I’ll never vocate for the killing of innocent, no matter how much I disagree with them or their vile policies or their vile s.” “It’s not who we are, but do not expect us to go quietly into the night either. My faith does not obligate me to stand by and watch this take place.” Watch the full, powerful reaction below: My Response To The Left… pic.twitter.com/uPfjjxOe3E — Nick Freitas (@NickJFreitas) September 11, 2025
