---
id: 8bcaf6925afaeda812cc2d600462767b
title: 'A WIN FOR DIPLOMACY: Belarus’ Lukashenko Releases 52 Prisoners After an Appeal
  From Trump and Visit of US Envoy John Coale (VIDEOS)'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T18:22:22.961391'
created_at: '2025-09-12T18:22:22.961384'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/win-diplomacy-belarus-lukashenko-releases-52-prisoners-after/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T12:00:56'
---

Lukashenko is remaking the ties to Trump’s US.

The Gateway Pundit | by Paul Serran Lukashenko is remaking the ties to Trump’s US. ‘Highly respected’ (according to Donald J. Trump) president of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko released 52 prisoners of various nationalities yesterday (11), after an appeal from U.S. President Donald Trump. The freed men and women heed to Lithuania with the US delegation that negotiated their release. Reuters reported: “Trump h called on Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko, a close ally of Russian President Vlimir Putin, to release detainees whom the U.S. leer has described as ‘hostages’. Belarus later confirmed their release. In return for Lukashenko’s gesture, Washington will grant sanctions relief to Belarus’ national airline Belavia, allowing it to service and buy components for its fleet, which includes Boeing aircraft, the U.S. embassy spokesperson in Vilnius said.” Normalization ahe? Lukashenko met Trump’s envoy John Cole in MINSK — urging Trump to ‘stay committed’ to ending the conflict in Ukraine pic.twitter.com/dLFZKkTzpK — RT (@RT_com) September 11, 2025 Watch: ‘However cliché it might sound, I want to thank Trump for the efforts he is making toward peace’ — Lukashenko. However cliché it might sound, I want to thank Trump for the efforts he is making toward peace — Lukashenko ‘You’ll figure out tariffs on your own, but I’m grateful to Donald’ ‘You must listen to everyone. Donald knows how to do that, but he must draw his own conclusions’ https://t.co/NxeHhBLhrs pic.twitter.com/uKWTuqY3xV — RT (@RT_com) September 11, 2025 Watch: Trump & Melania send belated birthday wishes to Lukashenko. Trump & Melania send belated birthday wishes to Lukashenko Praying for his health, prosperity & continuous progress of US-Belarus relations https://t.co/luin38cItG pic.twitter.com/iC4lXq88ib — RT (@RT_com) September 11, 2025 “Belarus’ state news agency Belta said those released included 14 foreign nationals – from Lithuania, Latvia, Poland, France, Britain and Germany. Belta quoted John Coale, a lawyer who heed the U.S. delegation, as saying Trump h told Lukashenko that Washington wants to reopen its embassy in Minsk. Coale h earlier passed a letter from Trump in English to Lukashenko signed ‘Donald’, Belta showed. The fact that Trump h signed the letter simply Donald was ‘a rare act of personal friendship”, it quoted Coale as saying’.” Watch: US wants to reopen its embassy in Minsk — Trump’s envoy Cole ing talks with Lukashenko. ❗️ US wants to reopen its embassy in Minsk — Trump’s envoy Cole ing talks with Lukashenko The current relations between Belarus and the US were described by Cole as ‘good but not excellent’ ded that the US is rey ‘to do everything to FULLY NORMALIZE the relations’ https://t.co/1lqoLksNjx pic.twitter.com/Aeezskglzp — RT (@RT_com) September 11, 2025 Re more: Belarusian President Lukashenko Frees Opposition Leer and 13 Other Political Prisoners After 6-Hour Meeting With US Envoy Keith Kellogg, in Victory for Trump Diplomacy
