---
id: a31a16d5db7bedac988da172d0807ae9
title: Utah Governor Spencer Cox Reveals Charlie Kirk’s Assassin Had Chilling, ‘Anti-Fascist’
  Slogans Written on Bullet Casings Including “Hey Fascist! Catch!” (VIDEO)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T18:21:10.181399'
created_at: '2025-09-12T18:21:10.181392'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/he-was-antifa-utah-governor-spencer-cox-reveals/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T14:55:22'
---

More details are leaking about the monster who killed arguably the brightest young conservative star in America, if not the world.

Utah Governor Spencer Cox Reveals Charlie Kirk's Assassin H Chilling, 'Anti-Fascist' Slogans Written on Bullet Casings Including "Hey Fascist! Catch!" (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by Cullen Linebarger More details are leaking about the monster who killed arguably the brightest young conservative star in America, if not the world. As The Gateway Pundit reported , the terrorist who assassinated TPUSA founder and conservative hero Charlie Kirk is now in custody. President Trump announced this during an interview on Fox and Friends. It was later revealed that the suspect was identified as Tyler Robinson, 22, of Utah. Robinson was reportedly turned in by his father, who contacted authorities through a minister connected to law enforcement. Kirk, the 31-year-old founder of Turning Point USA and a prominent ally of President Donald Trump, was fatally shot in the neck during a campus event on Wednesday, sparking nationwide outrage and a massive manhunt. Robinson was reportedly turned in by his father, who contacted authorities through a minister connected to law enforcement. Utah Governor Spencer Cox revealed during an FBI press conference that Robinson h several engraved casings that h been found with the rifle, a 36-bolt caliber action. The fired casing said, “Notices Bulges OWO What is this?” The unfired casings included sick slogans such as “Hey Fascist! Catch!” (with an Antifa symbol), and “O Bella Ciao” ( an anti-Nazi Italian resistance song). WATCH: BREAKING: Gov. of Utah CONFIRMS the writings on Charlie Kirk’s kiIIer’s ammunition This PROVES the kiIIer was a RICAL LEFTIST – FIRED CASING: “Notices Bulges OWO What is this?” – UNFIRED CASING 1: “Hey fascist, catch! [3 down arrow symbols]” – UNFIRED CASING 2: “O Bella… pic.twitter.com/uzxhNkssMI — Nick Sortor (@nicksortor) September 12, 2025 Now, watch the corporate media try to make this story disappear.
