---
id: ac9f4a90f8a941773ba2224c16aff223
title: 'The AfD’s Beatrix von Storch’s Moving Tribute to Charlie Kirk: “The Truth
  Cannot be Stopped by Bullets and Guns”'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T20:14:18.287241'
created_at: '2025-09-12T20:14:18.287233'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/afds-beatrix-von-storchs-moving-tribute-charlie-kirk/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T20:00:09'
---

Even in Berlin, the left-wing birthplace of Antifa, hundreds of people gathered Thursday evening to mourn American hero Charlie Kirk outside the American Embassy.

The AfD's Beatrix von Storch's Moving Tribute to Charlie Kirk: "The Truth Cannot be Stopped by Bullets and Guns" | The Gateway Pundit | by Collin McMahon Even in Berlin, the left-wing birthplace of Antifa, hundreds of people gathered Thursday evening to mourn American hero Charlie Kirk outside the American Embassy. Beatrix von Storch, vice-chair of the Alternative for Germany (AfD) faction in the German Bundestag, led the crowd in the Lord’s Prayer and a moving tribute. Beatrix von Storch: And Jesus said: I am the resurrection. I am life. Whoever believes in me, though he die, yet shall he live. That is what me Charlie Kirk incomparable. He h a compass. His compass was God. He knew and understood the truth and he spoke the truth. And that’s why we know the truth cannot be stopped by bullets and guns. The truth remains, and if we remain in the truth, then we too remain. We see what is happening now in the United State. Exactly what is happening here. We commemorate in prayer. In the United States, the streets are not burning now. There is no insurrection. There is no violence. There is prayer. And that is what Charlie Kirk expects from us now. Pray for him, for his soul, for his family. I ask you to pray with me. Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on heaven as it is on earth. Give us this day our daily bre, and forgive us our tresspasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And le us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory for ever and ever. Amen. Let us continue to pray for Charlie Kirk and carry his light forward. Thank you very much.
