---
id: b5c247e8697482dd4f6642626c19b7d9
title: 'JUST IN: ICE Officer Left Severely Injured After Illegal Alien in Chicago
  Resists Arrest, Drags Officer with Vehicle During Traffic Stop – Alien Shot and
  Killed'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T19:14:40.338418'
created_at: '2025-09-12T19:14:40.338410'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/just-ice-officer-left-severely-injured-after-illegal/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T18:20:05'
---

An illegal alien in Chicago was shot and killed by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers on Friday morning after severely injuring an agent during a traffic stop.

JUST IN: ICE Officer Left Severely Injured After Illegal Alien in Chicago Resists Arrest, Drags Officer with Vehicle During Traffic Stop - Alien Shot and Killed | The Gateway Pundit | by Jordan Conrson An illegal alien in Chicago was shot and killed by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers on Friday morning after severely injuring an agent during a traffic stop. The criminal, identified as Silverio Villegas-Gonzalez, resisted arrest and drove his car into officers, dragging one “a significant distance,” according to the Department of Homeland Security . Fox correspondent Bill Melugin reports that the officer suffered lacerations and significant leg injuries before officers opened fire. Villegas-Gonzalez, who entered the country at an unknown time, h a history of reckless driving. This comes after the Trump ministration deployed hundreds of DHS agents to Chicago, stationed at Naval Station Great Lakes, to carry out immigration enforcement operations. This has led to pushback from local leers and activist groups, who are concealing and helping illegal aliens to eve arrest and encouraging violence against law enforcement. According to DHS, “ICE law enforcement is facing a 1000% increase in assaults against them as they carry out enforcement operations.” Per Fox’s Bill Melugin: BREAKING: An ICE officer was severely injured in Chicago this morning after being hit & dragged by an illegal alien who resisted arrest during targeted traffic stop & tried to run over the ICE arrest team with his vehicle. ICE shot and killed the alien as a result. I’m told by a senior ICE source that the officer suffered lacerations and significant leg injuries but is expected to be okay. ICE statement on who they were targeting: “ICE officers conducted a vehicle stop to arrest Silverio Villegas-Gonzalez. He refused to law enforcements commands and drove his car at law enforcement officers. One of the ICE officers was hit by the car and dragged a significant distance. Fearing for his own life, the officer fired his weapon. The target of the enforcement operation was Silverio Villegas-Gonzalez, a criminal illegal alien with a history of reckless driving. He entered the country at an unknown date and time.” BREAKING: An ICE officer was severely injured in Chicago this morning after being being hit & dragged by an illegal alien who resisted arrest during targeted traffic stop & tried to run over the ICE arrest team with his vehicle. ICE shot and killed the alien as a result. I’m… — Bill Melugin (@BillMelugin_) September 12, 2025 The Department of Homeland Security said in a statement , This morning, while carrying out an enforcement operation targeting a criminal illegal alien, the alien resisted arrest, attempted to flee the scene and dragged a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officer a significant distance with his car. The officer sustained multiple injuries and is in stable condition. The illegal alien was pronounced de. “We are praying for the speedy recovery of our law enforcement officer. He ed his training, used appropriate force, and properly enforced the law to protect the public and law enforcement,” said Assistant Secretary Tricia McLaughlin. “Viral social media videos and activists encouraging illegal aliens to resist law enforcement not only spre misinformation, but also undermine public safety, as well as the safety of our officers and those being apprehended.”
