---
id: bf15d99305b32e91e4bb20820e9ca3bd
title: 'Charlie Kirk’s Legacy: Young People Share Powerful Stories of His Imact and
  Tremendous Legacy “Be Bold”'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T20:54:18.306084'
created_at: '2025-09-12T20:54:18.306077'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/charlie-kirks-legacy-young-people-share-powerful-stories/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T20:40:14'
---

It is easy to get caught up in the disgusting, hateful reactions to Charlie Kirk’s assassination by the left.

Charlie Kirk's Legacy: Young People Powerful Stories of His Imact and Tremendous Legacy "Be Bold" | The Gateway Pundit | by Margaret Flavin It is easy to get caught up in the disgusting, hateful reactions to Charlie Kirk’s assassination by the left. Not the rical left. The left. Despite their hatred and disgusting behavior, Charlie’s legacy, especially as a man of deep faith, continues to shine through their evil. Many, including young people, are taking to social media to how he impacted their lives and how they will continue to carry on his legacy. Those who have been quiet about their faith for fear of losing friends, family, or ers, or being fear being canceled, are taking up Charlie’s mantle and his bravery, and becoming vocal about their faith and their convictions. In one powerful story, a woman s how Kirk helped save her baby’s life. She d, “ On such a dark time, I wanted to with the world how Charlie Kirk has impacted me. How he unknowingly h a part in saving my sons life. I will pray for his family, friends, coworkers, and our nation. We are mourning the loss of someone the world needed most.” Watch here. Another young man, unapologetically sharing his faith, s Bible verses each day. He d his tribute to Charlie before reing the day’s verse. “This is day 25 of reing daily Bible verses. Today, before I get started, I would just want to say rest in peace Charlie Kirk…man of God…who was shot today. He h two kids and a wife.” “Nobody deserves that, even if they don’t believe in what you believe in.” Another young woman urged us all to “get bolder” as people of faith. In the 1960’s, leftist ricals co-opted many aspects of pop culture, including folk music. Now, Charlie has inspired musicians to their messages of sness and hope. TPUSA’s Tyler Bowyer d how uplifting it is to see Charlie’s imact, “It has been uplifting to see the hundreds of thousands of messages, notes and s with the resolve to carry on Charlie’s legacy that so many of us have believed in for so long.” “Our hope is that MILLIONS of Charlie Kirks in the making were born yesterday and will inhabit the American political space, however nothing will replace him as a Husband and Father at home.” Words cannot describe the nightmare of a day our entire staff, activists and supporters at @TPUSA & @TPAction_ have endured over the past 24 hours. It has been uplifting to see the hundreds of thousands of messages, notes and s with the resolve to carry on Charlie’s… pic.twitter.com/CGEDRMFinY — Tyler Bowyer (@tylerbowyer) September 11, 2025 It is clear from those who are stepping up to boldly profess their faith, moved by Charlie’s life, that they want to provide a legacy that truly honors him and one that may help his young children see how much of an impact their father h on so many people.
