---
id: c021a07a5f371abe2cd1c30ccd52e6cb
title: 'HORROR: Illegal Alien Released by Biden Admin Beheads Motel Manager In Dallas,
  Kicks Severed Head, Tosses it in Dumpster'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T18:22:32.317339'
created_at: '2025-09-12T18:22:32.317333'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/horror-illegal-alien-released-biden-admin-beheads-motel/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T03:53:52'
---

An illegal alien who was released from ICE custody by the Biden Administration beheaded a motel manager in Old East Dallas, Texas, on Wednesday.

HORROR: Illegal Alien Released by Biden min Behes Motel Manager In Dallas, Kicks Severed He, Tosses it in Dumpster | The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila An illegal alien who was released from ICE custody by the Biden ministration beheed a motel manager in Old East Dallas, Texas, on Wednesday. Yordanis Cobos-Martinez, an illegal alien from Cuba, was released into the interior of the US on January 13, 2025, just one week before Trump was sworn into office. Cobos-Martinez used a machete to repeatedly hack the victim, Chandra Nagamallaiah, 50, and then beheed him. According to Fox News, Cobos-Martinez was caught on surveillance video kicking the victim’s severed he in the parking lot, then picking it up and tossing it into a dumpster. Fox News reporter Bill Melugin said Cobos-Martinez has a prior criminal history of: False imprisonment in CA (unknown disposition) Indecency with a child in Texas (dismissed) Grand theft of vehicle in Florida (dismissed) Carjacking & false imprisonment in CA (acquitted on carjacking, convicted of false imprisonment). Cobos-Martinez was charged with capital murder, Fox 4 reported . More from Fox 4 : Dallas police are investigating a gruesome and highly visible beheing at a motel in Old East Dallas on Wednesday. It happened around 9:30 a.m. at the Downtown Suites motel, which is located just off Interstate 30 near the Tenison Golf Course. Police said the victim was stabbed multiple times with an edged object. Images from SKY 4 showed crime scene tape and a partition set up around a body found on the sidewalk of the motel. Dallas Fire-Rescue responded to the scene, where the victim was pronounced de. BREAKING: Per multiple federal sources to @FoxNews , the suspect arrested in the grisly machete beheing of a motel manager in Dallas, TX yesterday is a Cuban illegal alien who was released into the US by the Biden min in January despite having an active deportation order. I’m… pic.twitter.com/C7e5aNfPFR — Bill Melugin (@BillMelugin_) September 11, 2025
