---
id: cd15612b5b53ec15c534d65d911f779c
title: 'Charlie Kirk Assassin Tyler Robinson Threatened to Kill Himself After Father
  Confronted Him About Murder: Report'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T18:20:48.031151'
created_at: '2025-09-12T18:20:48.031143'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/charlie-kirk-assassin-tyler-robinson-threatened-kill-himself/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T17:00:19'
---

Charlie Kirk assassin Tyler Robinson, 22, was taken into custody on Friday morning after his father confronted him about the murder.

The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila Charlie Kirk assassin Tyler Robinson, 22, was taken into custody on Friday morning after his father confronted him about the murder. Charlie Kirk was murdered in cold blood on Wednesday at an event at Utah Valley University after Robinson opened fire from an elevated position from a rooftop. Robinson’s father, a veteran police officer, confronted him after Utah authorities released new photos of the suspect on Thursday. According to The New York Post, Tyler Robinson threatened to take his own life rather than turn himself in. The New York Post reported : Accused Charlie Kirk assassin Tyler Robinson threatened to kill himself rather than surrender to authorities after his father confronted him about the sickening murder, according to law enforcement sources. The father recognized his 22-year-old son from photos of the suspected shooter that were released by authorities Thursday, leing the parent to confront his son when he returned home, sources said. Robinson ‘fessed up to the horrific shooting when his d asked if he pulled the trigger — but originally refused to turn himself in to law enforcement, according to sources. He told his father he’d rather kill himself, leing the parent to convince his son to speak with their youth minister, who also happens to be a US Marshals Service fugitive task force officer, sources said.
