---
id: d72f09160b34999fd8f2424582fab09f
title: 'Probable Cause Affidavit: Kirk Assassin Tyler Robinson Arrested on Suspicion
  of Capital Murder, Felony Discharge of Weapon and Obstruction of Justice'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T19:14:36.356897'
created_at: '2025-09-12T19:14:36.356890'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/probable-cause-affidavit-kirk-assassin-tyler-robinson-arrested/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T18:40:57'
---

Charlie Kirk assassin Tyler Robinson was arrested on suspicion of capital murder, felony discharge of a weapon causing serious bodily injury, and obstruction of justice, according to the probable cause affidavit.

The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila Charlie Kirk assassin Tyler Robinson was arrested on suspicion of capital murder, felony discharge of a weapon causing serious bodily injury, and obstruction of justice, according to the probable cause affidavit. Tyler Robinson was arrested on Friday morning and booked on state charges; federal charges will ly be filed later. “Charles was holding a microphone and speaking to a crowd. While speaking into the microphone, a loud gunshot was heard at approximately 1223 hours, and Charles appeared to have been hit in the neck,” Officer Brian Davis wrote in the probable cause affidavit. “Blood was seen coming out of the left side of his neck as he fell over to his left. Charles was transported to the Timpanogos Regional Hospital in Orem. Charles was pronounced deceased at the hospital.” Authorities tracked Robinson walking across a grassy area north of Campus Drive at 11:50 am, approximately 23 minutes before he assassinated Kirk. Robinson was captured on surveillance video running across the rooftop of the Losee Center building at 12:23 – seconds after he shot Kirk. A family member of Tyler Robinson reached out to a family friend who contacted the Washington County Sheriff’s Office with information that Robinson h confessed to the murder. BREAKING: A suspect in the assassination of Charlie Kirk is arrested on suspicion of capital murder, weapons and obstruction offenses. https://t.co/OuRlhbb2 — The Associated Press (@AP) September 12, 2025 Earlier Friday conservative podcast host Steven Crowder obtained leaked internal documents from the Utah County Sheriff’s Office. EXCLUSIVE: Mug Club Undercover obtained Utah County Sheriff’s Office internal documents regarding suspected Charlie Kirk assassin Tyler Robinson pic.twitter.com/jEAvcrulIk — Steven Crowder (@scrowder) September 12, 2025
