---
id: e758449aa6b3c01cacb0afaec71ccc94
title: '''I was up to my waist down a hippo''s throat.'' He survived, and here''s
  his advice'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T15:10:54.891810'
created_at: '2025-09-12T15:10:54.891802'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: CNN World
  url: https://www.cnn.com/travel/article/hippo-attack-avoid-survive-paul-templer/index.html
  published_at: '2023-04-12T12:44:43'
---

# 'I was up to my waist down a hippo's throat.' He survived, and here's his advice

Paul Templer was living his best life.

Hippo attacks: How to avoid one of Africa’s most dangerous animals | CNN <div><div> <p> <cite> <span>CNN</span> — </cite> </p> <p> Paul Templer was living his best life. </p> <p> He was 28 and conducting tours in his native Zimbabwe, with a focus on photographic safaris. </p> <p> He h been away for a few years, including a stint in the British army. But he h returned to Africa’s bush country “and fell back in love with it. The wildlife, the flora, the fauna, the great outdoors, the space – just everything about it. I was at home.” </p> <p> Templer said Zimbabwe’s guide certification program was rigorous, and there was a lot of pride among the guides who passed. He reveled in showing tourists the area’s majestic wildlife – including the water-loving, very territorial hippos. </p> <p> “It was idyllic,” he told CNN Travel. “Life was really, really good – until one day I h a really b day at the office.” </p> <h2> A good day for a river trek </h2> <div> <div> <p> <span>The entire course of Paul Templer's life changed after he agreed at the last minute to take a group of tourists down the Zambezi River. </span> </p> <figcaption>Paul Templer</figcaption> </div> </div> <p> March 9, 1996. A Saturday. Templer learned a good friend who was to le a canoe safari down the Zambezi River h malaria. He agreed to take his pal’s place. “I loved that stretch of the river. It was an area I know the back of my hand.” </p> <p> The expedition consisted of six safari clients (four Air France crewmembers and a couple from Germany), three apprentice guides plus Templer. They h three canoes – clients in the first two seats and a guide in the back. Then one apprentice guide was in a one-person safety kayak. </p> <p> And down the famed Zambezi they went. “Things were going the way they were supposed to go. Everyone was having a pretty good time.” </p> <h2> Possible trouble ahe </h2> <div> <div> <p> <span>Zambezi National Park in Zimbabwe affords many wildlife viewing opportunites, including one of Africa's most intriguing animals: hippos.</span> </p> <figcaption>Richard I'Anson/Stone RF/Getty Images</figcaption> </div> </div> <p> Eventually, they came across a pod of about a dozen hippos. That’s not unexpected on the Zambezi, Africa’s fourth-longest river. They weren’t alarmed at first as they were at a safe distance. But “we were getting closer, and I was trying to take evasive action. … The idea was let’s just pdle safely around the hippos.” </p> <p> Templer’s canoe led the way, with the other two canoes and kayak to . He pulled into a little channel waiting on the others. But the third canoe h fallen back from the group and was off the planned course. Templer’s not sure how that happened. </p> <aside> <div> <div> <p> Suddenly, there’s this big thud. And I see the canoe, the back of it, catapulted up into the air. </p> <p> Paul Templer </p> </div> </div> </aside> <p> “Suddenly, there’s this big thud. And I see the canoe, the back of it, catapulted up into the air. And Evans, the guide in the back of the canoe, catapulted out of the canoe.” The clients managed to remain in the canoe somehow. </p> <p> “Evans is in the water, and the current is washing Evans toward a mama hippo and her calf 150 meters [490 feet] away. … So I know I’ve got to get him out quickly. I don’t have time to drop my clients off.” He yells to Ben, one of the other guides, to retrieve the clients who were in the canoe that h been attacked. </p> <p> Ben got the clients to safety on a rock in the middle of the river that hippos couldn’t climb. </p> <h2> Attempting a rescue </h2> <p> Meanwhile, Templer turned his canoe around to get Evans. The plan was to pull alongside of him and pull him into Templer’s canoe. </p> <p> “I was pdling towards him … getting closer, and I saw this bow wave coming towards me. If you’ve ever seen any of those old movies with a torpedo coming toward a ship, it was kind of that. I knew it was either a hippo or a really large crocodile coming at me,” he said. </p> <p> “But I also knew that if I slapped the ble of my pdle on water … that’s really loud. And the percussion underwater seems to turn the animals away,” he said. “So I slapped the water, and as it was supposed to do, the torpedo wave stops.” </p> <p> He was getting closer to Evans, but they were also getting closer to the female and calf. </p> <p> “I’m leaning over – it’s kind of a me-for-Hollywood movie – Evans is reaching up. … Our fingers almost touched. And then the water between us just erupted. Happened so fast I didn’t see a thing.” </p> <p> What happened was nightmarish and surreal. </p> <p> “My world went dark and strangely quiet.” Templer said it took a few seconds to figure out what was going on. </p> <p> “From the waist down, I could feel the water. I could feel I was wet in the river. From my waist up, it was different. I was warm, and it wasn’t wet the river, but it wasn’t dry either. And it was just incredible pressure on my lower back. I tried to move around; I couldn’t. </p> <p> “I realized I was up to my waist down a hippo’s throat.” </p> <h2> Hippos: Huge, territorial and dangerous </h2> <div> <div> <p> <span>Hippos are at home in the water or on land. This hippo was in Chobe National Park, located in the famed Okavango Delta of northern Botswana.</span> </p> <figcaption>Winfried Wisniewski/The Image Bank RF/Getty Images</figcaption> </div> </div> <p> There’s a good reason a fully grown hippopotamus can fit a large portion of a fully grown ult in its mouth. Hippos can grow up to 16.5 feet long (5 meters), 5.2 feet tall (1.6 meters) and weigh up to 4.5 tons (4 metric tonnes), <a href="https://www.nationalgeographic.com/animals/mammals/facts/hippopotamus">according to National Geographic</a>. </p> <p> They sport enormous mouths and <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3rWI8GdUQU">can open their strong jaws to 150 degrees</a>. </p> <p> Their teeth might be the most frightening thing of all. Their molars are used for eating plants, but <a href="https://animals.sandiegozoo.org/animals/hippo">their sharp canines</a>, which might reach 20 inches (51 centimeters), are for defense and fighting. Their bite is almost <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7416829/">three times stronger</a> than that of a lion. One bite from a hippo can possibly cut a human body in half. </p> <p> They’re found naturally in various parts sub-Saharan Africa, particularly in East and Southern Africa, living in or near rivers and other water sources. (And they are an <a href="https://www.cnn.com/2023/03/04/americas/colombia-cocaine-hippos-pablo-escobar-india-mexico-intl-hnk/index.html">invasive species in Colombia</a> thanks to escapees from drug lord Pablo Escobar’s menagerie). </p> <p> Hippos are very territorial and might aggressively attack any animal encroaching on their territory, including hyenas, lions and crocodiles. </p> <h2> Hippos and humans </h2> <div> <div> <p>'If I say run, you run': CNN goes ing for Pablo Escobar's hippos </p> </div> <template> <div> <div> <div> <div> <div> <p>'If I say run, you run': CNN goes ing for Pablo Escobar's hippos</p> </div> <p>06:43 </p> </div> </div> </div> </div> </template> </div> <p> They also kill people. That we know for sure. Many internet sources say around 500 a year, but an exact figure is still uncertain because some attacks and deaths come in very remote regions and don’t get reported. </p> <p> “The question I get asked the most when people find out I study hippos is: ‘Is it true hippos kill more people than any animal?’ Rebecca Lewison, conservation ecologist and associate professor at San Diego State University, told CNN Travel in an email interview. </p> <p> “I’m not entirely sure where that started but … there is no authority or reliable data. People are surprised that hippos kill people. They look slow, and they are mostly in water. There are some nonfatal interactions, but people (or hippos) tend to fare bly from interactions.” </p> <p> Dr. Philip Muruthi, chief scientist and vice president of species conservation and science of the African Wildlife Foundation, said the AWF doesn’t have a credible source on the number of attacks or fatalities either. </p> <p> While more stats need to be collected, <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7416829/">one study found</a> that the probability of being killed by a hippopotamus attack is in the range of 29% to 87% – higher than that of a grizzly bear attack at 4.8%, shark attack at 22.7% and crocodile attack at 25%. </p> <h2> ‘He spat me out’ </h2> <p> Those were rather b odds of survival working against Templer. </p> <p> “I’m guessing I was wedged so far down its throat it must have been uncomfortable because he spat me out. So I burst to the surface, sucked a lungful of fresh air and I came face to face with Evans, the guide who I was trying to rescue. And I said, ‘We got to get out of here!’ ” </p> <aside> <div> <div> <p> So once again, I’m up to my waist down the hippo’s throat. But this time, my legs are trapped but my hands are free. </p> <p> Paul Templer </p> </div> </div> </aside> <p> But Evans was in serious trouble. Templer started swimming back for him “and I was just moving in for your classic lifesaver’s hold when – WHAM! – I got hit from below. So once again, I’m up to my waist down the hippo’s throat. But this time my legs are trapped but my hands are free.” </p> <p> He tried to go for his gun, but he was being thrashed around so much he couldn’t grab it. The hippo – which turned out to be an older, aggressive male – spat Templer out a second time. </p> <p> “This time when I come to the surface I look around, there’s no sign of Evans.” Templer assumed Evans h been rescued, and he tried to escape himself. </p> <p> “I’m making pretty good progress and I’m swimming along there and I come up for the stroke and swimming freestyle and I look under my arm – and until my dying day I’ll remember this – there’s this hippo charging in towards me with his mouth wide open bearing in before he scores a direct hit.” </p> <p> This time, Templer was sideways in the hippo’s mouth, legs dangling out one side of the mouth, shoulders and he on the other side of its mouth. </p> <h2> Total fury </h2> <div> <div> <p> <span>Two hippos fight each other South Africa. Males might engage in clashes over leership of their pods, mating privileges or over territory.</span> </p> <figcaption>JohanSwanepoel/obe Stock</figcaption> </div> </div> <p> “And then he just goes berserk. … When hippos are fighting, the way they fight is they try to tear apart and just destroy whatever it is they’re attacking,” Templer said. </p> <p> </p></div></div>
