---
id: ea6f357693c2c14607c0cd2fc60df470
title: 'LEGACY ACROSS THE SEA: Spontaneous Popular Vigils and Gatherings Pop Up in
  Europe Honoring Conservative Hero Charlie Kirk (VIDEOS AND PICTURES)'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T19:34:18.279342'
created_at: '2025-09-12T19:34:18.279335'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/legacy-across-sea-spontaneous-popular-vigils-gatherings-pop/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T19:30:08'
---

The assassination of conservative hero and Turning Point founder Charlie Kirk has shaken American society to the core.

LEGACY ACROSS THE SEA: Spontaneous Vigils and Gatherings Pop Up in Europe Honoring Conservative Hero Charlie Kirk (VIDEOS AND PICTURES) | The Gateway Pundit | by Paul Serran The assassination of conservative hero and Turning Point founder Charlie Kirk has shaken American society to the core. In his solemn dress to the nation, president Donald J. Trump said the ing about the ‘legendary’ Kirk. “Charlie was a patriot who devoted his life to the cause of open debate and the country that he loved so much—the United States of America. He fought for liberty, democracy, justice, and the American people. He’s a martyr for truth and freedom, and there has never been anyone who was so respected by youth. Charlie was also a man of deep, deep faith. And we take comfort in the knowledge that he is now at peace with God in heaven. Our prayers are with his wife, Erika, the two young, beloved children, and his entire family—who he loved more than anything in the world. We ask God to watch over them in this terrible hour of heartache and pain.” But abro the Atlantic Ocean, many liberty-loving people also were shocked and sdened. And vigils and gatherings have taken place all over Europe. In England: BREAKING: Thousands are beginning to gather in Central London to pay tribute to hero Charlie Kirk Britain stands with America. pic.twitter.com/oKZaBD2rXL — Inevitable West (@Inevitablewest) September 12, 2025 In Germany: The German media hated him. The German people love and honor him. R.I.P. Charlie Kirk, from Germany https://t.co/SWD4nzH6QJ pic.twitter.com/ZntpfbCgSr — Naomi Seibt (@SeibtNaomi) September 12, 2025 Spaniards honor Kirk in front of US embassy in Mrid. Les Espagnols rendent hommage à Charlie Kirk devant l’Ambasse Américaine de Mrid ♥️ pic.twitter.com/BrHMtaCH2Y — ⚜ France for Trump ⚜ (@VirginiePerez15) September 11, 2025 Spanish Rightwing Vox party: ‼️ @joseafuster “Ayer nacieron millones de Charlie Kirk que van a utilizar la palabra para rebelarse contra la dictura de lo progre”. VOX no va a parar ante aquellos que han justifico este crimen. Nuestra absoluta repulsa y desprecio hacia ellos. pic.twitter.com/LCR9WLHfth — VOX Mrid (@mrid_vox) September 11, 2025 “Good afternoon, everyone. Yesterday, the usual. Those who murdered Fernando Villavicencio, those who killed Miguel Uribe, those who killed Chin Suave, those who stabbed Bolsonaro, those who shot Trump, ended up with the life of a good man, Charlie Kirk. A man who only h the word. He went to the campuses of the United States, to the universities […], only with the word, and he encouraged them to debate. He always said that if we do not have the word, the day we stop debating, the day we stop talking, we have nothing and b things happen. […] A reference that left us several lessons. The first lesson, the most important, he told young people, learn something new, every day. He also told them, commit to a good cause, be good people, and carry that cause to the end, no matter what happens to you, and the price you have to pay.” “A small gesture’. Un pequeño gesto frente a la Embaja de Estos Unidos en Mrid. Charlie Kirk, asesino por decir la verd. Descansa en paz. ️❤️‍ pic.twitter.com/02MSSNi2HP — Revuelta (@revuelta_es) September 10, 2025 Italian Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini: Today I paid tribute at the Embassy of the United States in Rome. With Deputy Chief of Mission Marta Costanzo Youth, I renewed the bonds of friendship with the American people and conveyed my condolences for the murder of Charlie Kirk and for the victims of September 11, 2001. On… pic.twitter.com/mllb6E95j5 — Matteo Salvini (@matteosalvinimi) September 11, 2025 Spotted outside the US Embassy in Rome. The sign honors Charlie Kirk as a “martyr for freedom.” WORLDWIDE AWAKENING. pic.twitter.com/lMEhQ8x8ix — Vince Dao (@VinceDaoTV) September 12, 2025 Even in South Africa: Wreath laying at the US Embassy in Pretoria, South Africa, to express our sorrow at the passing of Charlie Kirk. pic.twitter.com/zBciQJW4w8 — Ernst Roets (@ErnstRoets) September 11, 2025 A man was murdered, but his legacy remains, growing in people’s minds and hearts. Re more: BREAKING: President Trump Delivers Solemn dress from the Oval Office ing Charlie Kirk’s Assassination: “For years, the Rical Left have Compared wonderful Americans Charlie to Nazis – This Rhetoric Is Directly Responsible for the Terrorism We Are Seeing Today”
