---
id: ebcaa46a3cd3c9e49add405ca0c60ced
title: President Trump Announces Next Crime-Infested City That Will Receive Help from
  Federal Agents (Video)
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T18:20:39.545022'
created_at: '2025-09-12T18:20:39.545014'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/president-trump-announces-next-crime-infested-city-that/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T17:40:39'
---

On Friday, following the tremendous success of cleaning up Washington, DC, President Trump announced that Memphis, Tennessee, will be the next crime-infested city to receive help from federal agents.

President Trump Announces Crime-Infested City That Will Receive Help from Federal Agents (Video) | The Gateway Pundit | by Margaret Flavin On Friday, ing the tremendous success of cleaning up Washington, DC, President Trump announced that Memphis, Tennessee, will be the crime-infested city to receive help from federal agents. According to statistics from the FBI, Memphis’s population of 611,000 faced the highest violent crime rate among large cities. Crimeexplorer notes, “Over the past five years ( 2019-2024 ), the city recorded 185,250 violent crimes and 210,797 property crimes. The average violent crime rate stands at 493.8 per 100k residents , which is 364.9% above the national average . Property crime averages 654.0 per 100k , 299.7% above the national average .” President Trump d the news on Fox & Friends sharing, “We are going to Memphis. Memphis is deeply troubled. And the mayor is happy, he’s a Democrat mayor, and the mayor is happy. And the governor of Tennessee, the governor’s happy….deeply troubled.” “We are going to fix that just we did Washington. I would have preferred going to Chicago.” BREAKING: “We’re going to Memphis. Memphis is deeply troubled… We’re going to fix that just we did Washington.” pic.twitter.com/I5Owl0ueOK — Rapid Response 47 (@RapidResponse47) September 12, 2025 Senator Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) responded to the news saying, “ President @realDonaldTrump just announced he is sending the National Guard to Memphis. Thank you, Mr. President, for restoring law and order in Democrat-run cities that refuse to crack down on violent crime in favor of soft-on-crime agendas. Let’s Make Memphis Safe Again.” President @realDonaldTrump just announced he is sending the National Guard to Memphis. Thank you, Mr. President, for restoring law and order in Democrat-run cities that refuse to crack down on violent crime in favor of soft-on-crime agendas. Let’s Make Memphis Safe Again. — Sen. Marsha Blackburn (@MarshaBlackburn) September 12, 2025 We were sworn to secrecy by the White House a week ago — but some great news! Several weeks ago KWAM asked President Trump to come to Memphis and save our city from the gangbangers and thugs. We’re the most dangerous city in America. Today, the president announced that he… — KWAM News Rio 990 AM Memphis (@Mighty990KWAM) September 12, 2025 Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson (D) and Illinois Governor JB Pritzker (D) have resisted the President’s efforts to make the state’s citizens safer. Jody Weis , the former Chicago police chief, recently d that Democrats fear the crackdown on crime because they really fear it will work. Johnson even went as far as to sign an executive order titled the “ Protecting Chicago Initiative, ” aimed at preventing the potential deployment of the National Guard by President Trump to dress the city’s rampant crime issues. The far-left Johnson, whose city is a cesspool of violent crime , claims the order is necessary to defend residents’ constitutional rights amid fears of what he calls an “unconstitutional and illegal military occupation.” While cities Chicago want to keep citizens trapped in violence, President Trump’s cleanup of DC has been so successful that even Democrat Mayor Muriel Bowser shocked Democrats and their media allies by acknowledging that Trump’s crackdown on crime in the city was helpful and effective. In fact, Bowser has issued an executive order for local law enforcement to work with federal officials indefinitely, which means Trump does not have to declare an emergency. She clearly thinks this arrangement is working well.
