---
id: fdcaf933095fe958a2d8ca7e25055c3f
title: Man Who Asked Charlie Kirk Transgender Question Before He Was Shot Breaks His
  Silence
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-12T18:21:58.227418'
created_at: '2025-09-12T18:21:58.226924'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/man-who-asked-charlie-kirk-transgender-question-before/
  published_at: '2025-09-12T13:00:16'
---

Hunter Kozak, the student who asked Charlie Kirk a question about transgender shooters before Kirk was shot in the neck, has broken his silence with a video statement.

The Gateway Pundit | by Vigilant Fox Hunter Kozak, the student who asked Charlie Kirk a question about transgender shooters before Kirk was shot in the neck, has broken his silence with a video statement. The video was picked up by CNN and aired on OutFront with Erin Burnett . But before we get to Kozak’s statement, let’s quickly glance back at his conversation with Kirk before he was fatally shot in the neck: KOZAK: “Do you know how many transgender Americans have been mass shooters over the last 10 years?” KIRK: “Too many.” CROWD CHEERS KOZAK: “It’s five. Okay. Now, five is a lot, right? I’m gonna give you some credit. Do you know how many mass shooters there have been in America over the last 10 years?” KIRK: “ Counting or not counting gang violence?” Shooter opens fire and hits Charlie Kirk in the neck. He goes limp. Afterward, Kozak faced backlash for ironically asking a question about transgender shooters just before Kirk was fatally shot. Kozak himself has since called the moment “ironic.” What was equally ironic was this line from his video response: “ The point that I was trying to make is how peaceful the left was (long pause) right before he got shot. ” It’s unclear whether Kozak fully realized the weight of his words. He said he wanted to prove a point about the left being peaceful — only for Kirk to go down moments later. See Kozak’s full response below: “People have obviously pointed to the irony that I was [asking a question about shootings just before Kirk was shot]. The point that I was trying to make is how peaceful the left was (long pause) right before he got shot. “And that only makes sense if we stay peaceful. And as much as I disagree with Charlie Kirk — I’m on the record for how much I disagree with Charlie Kirk — but man, dude, he is still a human being. Have we forgotten that? Are we crazy?” NOTE: In the wake of Charlie Kirk’s tragic death, VigilantFox.com is fully committed to covering this story from every angle. We believe this is a pivotal moment that will shape the future of left vs. right, as we work to uncover exactly what happened — and why. We will not let up in covering this story and giving it the full attention it deserves. Thank you for your support.
