---
id: 710ba4c8851215b818a8b002fbf08331
title: UnAmerican! Stanislaus County California Democrat Party Rejects Invitation
  To Vigil For Charlie Kirk
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-15T09:42:04.558405'
created_at: '2025-09-15T09:42:04.558397'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/unamerican-stanislaus-county-california-democrat-party-rejects-invitation/
  published_at: '2025-09-15T02:30:33'
---

In what can only be described as outrageous, according to Joel Pollak at Breitbart.com The Stanislaus County, California Democratic party rejected an invitation from the local Republican party to attend a vigil Friday honoring the memory of Charlie Kirk because, its leader exp...

The Gateway Pundit | by Seth Segal In what can only be described as outrageous, according to Joel Pollak at Breitbart.com The Stanislaus County, California Democratic party rejected an invitation from the local Republican party to attend a vigil Friday honoring the memory of Charlie Kirk because, its leer explained, Charlie Kirk was a “fascist.” This rhetoric which has been used to demonize Republicans throughout modern history is sly exactly the type of rhetoric used in the le up to Charlie Kirk’s murder. Inste of toning down the unAmerican rhetoric the left continues to promote division. The full statement on Facebook by The Stanislaus county Democrat party res a classic politically correct statement with an emphasis on lies. The statement res “I learned today that the Stanislaus County Republican Party is holding a vigil this evening for Charlie Kirk and h extended an invitation to the Stanislaus County Democratic Party to attend as a gesture of unity. As Chair of Stan Dems, I respect the intention behind organizing an event to denounce political violence and to promote unity during such turbulent times. However, we respectfully decline participation. We cannot in good conscience attend an event that centers on Charlie Kirk, given his associations with fascist ideology. While we do not wish to participate in honoring him, I want to be unequivocal in affirming that we believe that all forms of political violence are unacceptable, and that escalating political tensions only harms our communities and our democracy. I appreciate the spirit of seeking common ground against violence. I hope that there are future opportunities to collaborate on efforts that promote peace, safety, and dignity for all without elevating figures whose legacies are deeply at odds with those values.” This is the exact rhetoric which the assassin used on his bullets which said “Hey Fascist! Catch!”. Sly, the leftwing of the Democrat party can’t seem to honor Charlie Kirk even after being murdered. This area of California thats being discussed is located in a central valley city. Declining to participate in a vigil for an American hero after his tragic murder is a new low even for the leftist Democrats. The Left lectures conservatives all the while declining to engage in civil behavior.
