---
id: 74167ab9918b28d21512b73a3b743100
title: 'WATCH: Coast Gard Personnel From USS Jason Dunham Intercept Venezuelan Boat,
  as Maritime Siege Is Now Reinforced by Stealth F-35 Fighter Jets'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-15T00:36:41.092769'
created_at: '2025-09-15T00:36:41.092761'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/watch-coast-gard-personnel-uss-jason-dunham-intercept/
  published_at: '2025-09-15T00:20:31'
---

Maduro talks, the US acts.

The Gateway Pundit | by Paul Serran Muro talks, the US acts. Under the extreme pressure of the US authorities and military, Venezuelan dictator Nicolas Muro makes bombastic speeches every day, is trying to unite his broken ‘Bolivarian’ Republic and mobilize his military against what he expects is an imminent attack/invasion of the US forces besieging him. On the US side, very little is being said, but a lot of activity can be seen. Watch: Strike on alleged Venezuelan drug boat. Drone footage of an American strike on a Venezuelan Cartel illegally approaching the United States Say what you want about President Trump but he knows how to deal with small boats that shouldn’t be here pic.twitter.com/GP1LDZHxRU — Basil the Great (@Basil_TGMD) September 3, 2025 After an alleged Venezuelan drug boat was pulverized by an airstrike on September 1st, marines from the destroyer USS Jason Dunham boarded and seized a Venezuelan boat on Friday (12). Described as fishing vessel, it was the object of an inspection related to suspected drug trafficking. No drugs were reportedly found, and the action has been condemned by Venezuela as an act of ‘piracy’ and a violation of sovereignty. ⚡️ US troops seen SEIZING Venezuelan fishing boat in exclusive economic zone — FIRST visuals Their craft pulls alongside as they approach the fishermen American warship USS Jason Dunham visible in background https://t.co/4f5Z9KfGpL pic.twitter.com/qFzoDlDWrE — RT (@RT_com) September 13, 2025 ABC News reported: “The Venezuelan government accused U.S. personnel of boarding and occupying a civilian fishing boat on Friday, in the example of tensions as the U.S. carries out ‘counter narco-terror operations’ in the Caribbean. A U.S. official told ABC News that Coast Guard personnel stationed aboard the U.S. Navy destroyer USS Jason Dunham ed the fishing boat for drugs ing a tip but did not locate any contraband. Venezuela’s Foreign Ministry office claimed Saturday that the U.S. Navy deployed ‘eighteen personnel with long-range weapons who boarded and occupied’ the Venezuelan fishing vessel in waters within Venezuela’s Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ). ‘This operation lacks any strategic proportionality and constitutes a direct provocation through the illegal use of excessive military means’, the foreign ministry said in a statement. A U.S. official with knowledge of the incident confirmed to ABC News that the Jason Dunham received information to board the Venezuelan small craft to see if it was carrying drugs.” While that was going on, stealth F-35 fighter jets are en route to Puerto Rico, and were spotted over Florida. The modern Jets will support the operations against the drug cartels. Re more: Venezuela’s Embattled Muro Deploys 25k Troops to Coastal Areas to ‘Combat Drug Traffickers’, as US Forces Up the Pressure, Train Amphibious Landings in Puerto Rico (VIDEOS)
