---
id: 82646050e3e50830525150a09e72bfd6
title: '‘Operation to Dethrone Starmer Is Under Way’: Losing His Deputy PM for Cheating
  at Taxes and US Ambassador for Epstein Links, Failing British PM Is Fighting for
  His Political Life'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-15T00:16:41.306547'
created_at: '2025-09-15T00:16:41.306540'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/operation-dethrone-starmer-is-under-way-losing-his/
  published_at: '2025-09-15T00:00:56'
---

Over a million people took to the streets of London yesterday to demand freedom of speech and an end to the unchecked mass migration – adding even more pressure on embattled British Prime Minister Keir Starmer.

‘Operation to Dethrone Starmer Is Under Way’: Losing His Deputy PM for Cheating at Taxes and US Ambassor for Epstein Links, Failing British PM Is Fighting for His Political Life | The Gateway Pundit | by Paul Serran Over a million people took to the streets of London yesterday to demand freedom of speech and an end to the unchecked mass migration – ding even more pressure on embattled British Prime Minister Keir Starmer. In his 13 months in office, Starmer has gone from one crisis to another – and now a ‘perfect storm’ has formed with pressure from the opposition, the media and even inside his party. Today, we learned that ‘Starmer appointed Mandelson without proper checks’ , and that ‘Labour peer [was] appointed on back of flimsy two-page dossier and light questioning’. The Telegraph reported: “Downing Street confirmed the Labour grandee’s elevation to the role before formal security checks on him h begun, The Telegraph has established. At the time of the announcement in December, Lord Mandelson h only been subject to light questioning on his relationship with the late financier and convicted pedophile. Prior to the announcement, the Prime Minister was handed a two-page dossier detailing publicly available information about his links to Epstein by the Cabinet Office’s ethics team.” Sarmer’s aide Morgan McSweeney emailed Mandelson with three questions on behalf of Starmer relating to Epstein. “His answers appeared to satisfy the Prime Minister and Lord Mandelson was then unveiled by Sir Keir as the incoming ambassor to the US last year. The formal vetting process carried out by the Foreign Office, which included an in-person interview, only began after the appointment was me public.” We also learned today that ‘Starmer cried: ‘You’re supposed to be protecting me’. The showdown between PM and key aide that’s the talk of Westminster’. Daily Mail reported: “’You are supposed to protect me from things this!’ a furious Sir Keir Starmer is said to have bellowed at Morgan McSweeney, the man dubbed The Real Deputy Prime Minister. ‘That’s exactly what I was trying to do!’ Mr. McSweeney roared back.” This happened after Starmer was harshly criticized in the House of Commons over Peter Mandelson’s links to Epstein. “But what is not in question is that the Mandelson scandal has turned into a full-blown political crisis which could le to the end of Starmer’s premiership. […] Even the ly loyal Guardian newspaper has turned on Sir Keir, writing yesterday that ‘an operation to dethrone Starmer is now under way’ . In lines which will have sent a chill down the Prime Minister’s spine, the Left-wing paper wrote: ‘The question being asked in the tea rooms and bars and corridors of Westminster is whether Starmer is up to the task of finding the solutions the country needs. And, increasingly, the conclusion reached among MPs is: “No”… the doubt has set in. Not just that Starmer has shown a lack of political judgment, ideological vision, or – especially when compared with the charisma of Nigel Farage – personality. But that he never h it in the first place’.” Re more: Faling British PM Keir Starmer Faces Internal Labour Party Rebellion Over Former US Ambassor Peter Mandelson’s Epstein Ties Scandal
