---
id: 8a603e31030f4ac91c76a5b63f0a9787
title: ‘Expose Charlie’s Murderers’ Website Receives Over 50,000 Submissions of Leftists
  Celebrating Murder of Charlie Kirk — Declares Itself the ‘Largest Firing Operation
  in History’
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-15T09:42:17.289788'
created_at: '2025-09-15T09:42:17.289781'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/expose-charlies-murderers-website-receives-50000-submissions-leftists/
  published_at: '2025-09-15T01:40:01'
---

A website dedicated to exposing the sick leftists celebrating the assassination of Charlie Kirk has received over 50,000 submissions.

‘Expose Charlie’s Murderers’ Website Receives Over 50,000 Submissions of Leftists Celebrating Murder of Charlie Kirk - Declares Itself the ‘Largest Firing Operation in History’ | The Gateway Pundit | by Ben Kew A website dedicated to exposing the sick leftists celebrating the assassination of Charlie Kirk has received over 50,000 submissions. Expose Charlie’s Murderers is seeking to hold leftists accountable for their violent rhetoric ing his murder. “This website is a lawful data aggregator of publicly-available information,” it states. “It has been created for the purposes of public education.” “We seek to collect and archive instances of individuals promoting or glorifying of political violence, much archive.org or archive.is. “We firmly denounce all political violence and criminal activity.” We’re now at well over 50,000 confirmed identities and nearing 60,000. Keep pushing. This doesn’t even include all your DMs and s — which we’ll get to soon. This is for Charlie Kirk. Can we get to 100,000? — Expose Charlie’s Mvrderers (@forcharliekirk1) September 14, 2025 The website’s founders argues that “individuals with dangerous ideas shouldn’t be in positions where they can endanger others.” “Those glorifying Charlie’s murder shouldn’t be doctors, law enforcement, lawyers, judges, or teachers.” The idea behind our organization is simple: dangerous individuals with dangerous ideas shouldn’t be in positions where they can endanger others. Those glorifying Charlie’s murder shouldn’t be doctors, law enforcement, lawyers, judges, or teachers. — Expose Charlie’s Mvrderers (@forcharliekirk1) September 14, 2025 They are now setting themself a target of 100,000 submissions. We’re now at well over 50,000 confirmed identities and nearing 60,000. Keep pushing. This doesn’t even include all your DMs and s — which we’ll get to soon. This is for Charlie Kirk. Can we get to 100,000? — Expose Charlie’s Mvrderers (@forcharliekirk1) September 14, 2025 There have alrey been countless cases of people being suspended or fired from their positions for s they me online. Among the most prominent of these was the MSNBC analyst Matthew Dowd, who was terminated after suggesting that “hateful thoughts le to hateful words, which then le to hateful actions.” Dowd is now claiming that he was the victim of a right-wing outrage mob. “The effort by Holocaust survivors to remind folks of Germany in the 1930s #ItStartedWithWords came to my mind and I said my now legendary line ‘hateful thoughts le to hateful words which ultimately le to hateful actions,’” he wrote on his Substack page. ”I thought to myself how could anyone disagree with this. I guess I was naive.” MSNBC Analyst Fired Over Vile Charlie Kirk Rant Says He is in ‘Shell Shock’ — Then Blames His Termination on ‘Right-Wing Mob’
