---
id: e2ec59665a7535e498ac92f16dcf5a00
title: 'WATCH: Morgan Wallen Pays Heartfelt Tribute to Charlie Kirk’s Grieving Wife
  During Concert'
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-15T00:56:41.014381'
created_at: '2025-09-15T00:56:41.014240'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/watch-morgan-wallen-pays-heartfelt-tribute-charlie-kirks/
  published_at: '2025-09-15T00:40:24'
---

Country superstar Morgan Wallen offered heartfelt prayers for Charlie Kirk’s grieving widow, Mrs.

The Gateway Pundit | by Cassandra MacDonald Country superstar Morgan Wallen offered heartfelt prayers for Charlie Kirk’s grieving widow, Mrs. Erika Kirk, during a concert in Edmonton, Cana, on Friday night. Wallen stopped mid-show to dedicate the song “I’m A Little Crazy” to her. “I’m not gonna say a whole bunch on this, but this song right here has been hitting me harder in the last couple days,” Wallen said. “And I just wanted to let Erika Kirk know that me and my family are sending prayers her way.” Shoutout to Morgan Wallen pic.twitter.com/kMp34NEHvc — Tour Golf (@PGATUOR) September 13, 2025 Wallen asked his fans to sing along to the tribute. Coldplay also asked fans to send love to the Kirk family during a concert at London’s Wembley Stium after his assassination. “Let’s raise our hands this and send love, anywhere you want to send it in the world,” singer Chris Martin said. “You can send this to your brother or your sister, you can send it to the families of people who have been going through terrible stuff, you can send it to Charlie Kirk’s family.” Martin continued, “You can send it to people you disagree with, but you send them love anyway. You can send it to peaceful people in the Middle East, in Ukraine and Russia, Azerbaijan, and Sudan and Somalia. Anywhere that you think might need love from London.” After he finished speaking, there was a countdown to a fireworks display. Kirk was assassinated on Wednesday while speaking at Utah Valley University. He is survived by his loving wife and two beautiful children. The accused assassin, Tyler Robinson, 22, has been charged with capitol murder and will be eligible for the death penalty if convicted.
