---
id: e8ffe7ccbb2f10206633c6726073a7ff
title: Vice President JD Vance to Host ‘The Charlie Kirk Show’ from the White House
  on Monday
severity: normal
diversity_score: 0.0
updated_at: '2025-09-15T09:41:56.712324'
created_at: '2025-09-15T09:41:56.712315'
key_points: []
citations:
- name: The Gateway Pundit
  url: https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/09/vice-president-jd-vance-host-charlie-kirk-show/
  published_at: '2025-09-15T03:50:38'
---

Vice President JD Vance will be hosting “The Charlie Kirk Show” live from the White House on Monday afternoon.

Vice President JD Vance to Host 'The Charlie Kirk Show' from the White House on Monday | The Gateway Pundit | by Cassandra MacDonald Kirk, the 31-year-old co-founder of Turning Point USA, was assassinated by a sniper during a speaking event at Utah Valley University on Wednesday. Vance announced the guest spot in a post on X on Sunday, which re, “Tomorrow, I will have the honor of hosting the Charlie Kirk Show. Please join me as I pay tribute to my friend.” The vice president and Second Ly Usha Vance traveled to Salt Lake City, Utah, on Thursday to meet with Kirk’s wife, Erika Kirk, to escort his body back to his home state on Air Force Two. He highlighted Kirk's intellectual curiosity, his evolution from Trump skeptic to staunch supporter, and his generosity in mentoring others. Kirk played a key role in Vance's Senate run, introducing him to key figures Donald Trump Jr., and later vocated for Vance's vice presidential nomination. A while ago, probably in 2017, I appeared on Tucker Carlson's Fox show to talk about God knows what. Afterwards a name I barely knew sent me a DM on twitter and told me I did a great job. It was Charlie Kirk, and that moment of kindness began a friendship that lasted until today. Charlie was fascinated by ideas and always willing to learn and change his mind. me, he was skeptical of Donald Trump in 2016. me, he came to see President Trump as the only figure capable of moving American politics away from the globalism that h dominated for our entire lives. When others were right, he learned from them. When he was right--as he usually was--he was generous. With Charlie, the attitude was never, "I told you so." But: "welcome." Charlie was one of the first people I called when I thought about running for senate in early 2021. I was interested but skeptical there was a pathway. We talked through everything, from the strategy to the fundraising to the grassroots of the movement he knew so well. He introduced me to some of the people who would run my campaign and also to Donald Trump Jr. " his d, he's misunderstood. He's extremely smart, and very much on our wavelength." Don took a call from me because Charlie asked him too. Long before I ever committed (even in my mind) to running, Charlie h me speak to his donors at a TPUSA event. He walked me around the room and introduced me. He gave me honest feedback on my remarks. He h no reason to do this, no expectation that I'd go anywhere. I was polling, at that point, well below 5 percent. He did it because we were friends, and because he was a good man. When I became the VP nominee--something Charlie vocated for both in public and private--Charlie was there for me. I was so gl to be part of the president's team, but candidly surprised by the effect it h on our family. Our kids, especially our oldest, struggled with the attention and the constant presence of the protective detail. I felt this acute sense of guilt, that I h conscripted my kids into this life without getting their permission. And Charlie was constantly calling and texting, checking on our family and offering guidance and prayers. Some of our most successful events were organized not by the campaign, but by TPUSA. He wasn't just a thinker, he was a doer, turning big ideas into bigger events with thousands of activists. And after every event, he would give me a big hug, tell me he was praying for me, and ask me what he could do. "You focus on Wisconsin," he'd tell me. "Arizona is in the bag." And it was. Charlie genuinely believed in and loved Jesus Christ. He h a profound faith. We used to argue about Catholicism and Protestantism and who was right about minor doctrinal questions. Because he loved God, he wanted to understand him. Someone else pointed out that Charlie died doing what he loved: discussing ideas. He would go into these hostile crowds and answer their questions. If it was a friendly crowd, and a progressive asked a question to jeers from the audience, he'd encourage his fans to calm down and let everyone speak. He exemplified a foundational virtue of our Republic: the willingness to speak openly and debate ideas. Charlie h an uncanny ability to know when to push the envelope and when to be more conventional. I've seen people attack him for years for being wrong on this or that issue publicly, never realizing that privately he was working to broen the scope of acceptable debate. He was a great family man. I was talking to President Trump in the Oval Office today, and he said, "I know he was a very good friend of yours." I nodded silently, and President Trump observed that Charlie really loved his family. The president was right. Charlie was so proud of Erika and the two kids. He was so happy to be a father. And he felt such gratitude for having found a woman of God with whom he could build a family. Charlie Kirk was a true friend. The kind of guy you could say something to and know it would always stay with him. I am on more than a few group chats with Charlie and people he introduced me to over the years. We celebrate weddings and babies, bust each other's chops, and mourn the loss of loved ones. We talk about politics and policy and sports and life. These group chats include people at the very highest level of our government. They trusted him, loved him, and knew he'd always have their backs. And because he was a true friend ,you could instinctively trust the people Charlie introduced you to. So much of the success we've h in this ministration traces directly to Charlie's ability to organize and convene. He didn't just help us win in 2024, he helped us staff the entire government. I was in a meeting in the West Wing when those group chats started lighting up with people telling Charlie they were praying for him. And that's how I learned the news that my friend h been shot. I prayed a lot over the hour, as first good news and then b trickled in. God didn't answer those prayers, and that's OK. He h other plans. And now that Charlie is in heaven, I'll ask him to talk to big man directly on behalf of his family, his friends, and the country he loved so dearly. You ran a good race, my friend. We've got it from here.
